<!-- policy-prep:converted source="0691R00000RNybgQAD_0051R00000JE8AtQAL_(1).pdf" source-sha256="7f95298af4adc2588a54d33e430a062acc7f18e07317fa5f8b8f1ef56626711f" -->

University & Community
     Federal Credit Union
     E-COMMERCE POLICY
     ROBERT CLEMENS




APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS SEPTEMBER 16, 2016
Contents
Policy Statement ............................................................................................................. 2
Scope .............................................................................................................................. 2
Responsibility .................................................................................................................. 2
Perceived threats ............................................................................................................ 2
Risk Management ........................................................................................................... 3
Monitoring ....................................................................................................................... 5
Breach of Security ........................................................................................................... 6
Contingency Planning/Business Continuity ..................................................................... 6
Expertise and Training .................................................................................................... 6




                                                                  1
            UNIVERSITY & COMMUNITY FEDERAL CREDIT UNION
                    ELECTRONIC COMMERCE POLICY




Policy Statement
   It is the purpose of this policy to establish guidance on how to identify, measure,
   monitor, and control risks arising from the use of electronic services. It sets forth
   the expectations of credit union management and the Board of Directors when
   implementing and operating e-commerce systems.

Scope
   E-commerce refers to computer hardware, software, and telecommunication
   systems that enable members to access both specific account and general credit
   union information on products and services and to conduct transactions through a
   personal computer. The credit union’s network design and telecommunication
   links utilize public networks, i.e., the Internet.

Responsibility
   It is the responsibility of the Board of Directors to approve the credit union’s written
   e-commerce policy. Responsibility for development, implementation and
   maintenance is delegated to the CIO and Information Technology Department. The
   policy will be reviewed by management and modified if necessary on at least an
   annual basis to provide for changes in technology, services, and changes in
   business arrangements.

Perceived threats
        •    Malicious attacks from hackers
        •    Virus attacks
        •    Employee misuse of sensitive information
        •    Hardware/software failure
        •    Disasters; i.e., tornado or fire
        •    Unauthorized use of member’s account by another member/person

    Risk levels:
                    Acceptable risk:
                          Employee access to systems. Background check on
                          employees. Employees limited to necessary access for job
                          functions.
                    Managed risk:
                          E*teller (cuintouch.com)
                          E-mail
                          Disasters

                                           2
                           Firewall to limit access,
                           Backups to restore information.
                    Eliminated risk:
                           Hackers, viruses. Firewall to stop intrusion. Anti-virus
                           software. Intrusion Prevention System to deter malicious
                           attacks and unauthorized use of credit union systems. VPN
                           communications to vendors (Fiserv, TNB, Federal Reserve
                           Bank, Catalyst Corporate)

Risk Management
   A. Safeguarding Member Information – E-commerce systems require effective
      and reliable controls to maintain data integrity, ensure member privacy and
      protect the credit union’s computer and telecommunications systems from
      unauthorized intrusion, misuse or fraud. The credit union’s security policy
      provides “end to end” security controls for critical data.

   B. Security Controls - The credit union has developed controls that govern
      network and data user authentication, transaction verification, data integrity,
      and virus protection. Periodic assessments are conducted to identify internal
      and external threats that undermine security and decisions are made based on
      those findings to modify or add controls. Examples may include viewing virus
      protection logs and viewing file maintenance reports.

   C. Network and Data Access Controls – The credit union requires verification and
      enforcement of a user’s authorized right to access network, application, and
      data. The credit union prohibits unauthorized individuals to enter our
      operations facilities, retrieve confidential information, or to gain access to credit
      union software applications and operating systems. To enforce access
      authorization the following controls are used:

            •   User IDs
            •   Passwords, including regular password updates
            •   Member security questions (set by members).
            •   Physical control, combination lock, etc., to the computer room
            •   Software and hardware security devises, i.e., anti-virus software,
                firewall, PC, computer control/monitoring software

   D. User Authentication – The credit union will identify the member before issuing
      authorization codes. Once the member has been identified, the credit union
      will assign an access code and password. Each time a member attempts to
      access the e-commerce system, his/her identity is authenticated. Once the
      authentication has passed, the member can access account information or
      engage in online transactions.

      The credit union does not allow members to complete an application for e-
      commerce services online. The application process requires the member to
      know the related account numbers and submit the application either
      electronically, in person, or by mail. Identity of the applicant is established and
      verification of the member number is then reviewed before issuing the access

                                           3
   code. An email communication is sent to the member notifying them that their
   access has been approved as submitted.

E. Member Passwords - If no password is requested, a randomly generated eight-
   character temporary password is assigned. Members are prompted and
   required to change the temporary password to their own selection upon their
   initial access to the system and are required to be changed annually after that
   time.

       •   Password Complexity (subject to change as provided by core vendor)`
       •   Based on Fiserv security standards, all new passwords in online
           banking (going forward) must meet the following requirements:
              • Minimum length: 8.
              • Maximum length: 32 (spaces are allowed, but not at beginning
                  or end of password/ phrase).
              • Must contain at least one upper-case letter.
              • Must contain at least one lower-case letter.
              • Must contain at least one number or one special character.
              • Cannot contain your first or last name.
              • Cannot match the Login ID.
              • Cannot contain the Login ID as part of its makeup.
              • Cannot contain the word “Fiserv” in any upper- and/or lower-
                  case combination.
              • Cannot contain the word “password” as part of its makeup.
              • Cannot contain “5” number of previously used passwords.

       •   Special Characters Allowed in Passwords
       •   The following special characters are allowed as part of the overall
           content of a valid password:
              • ! - The exclamation point.
              • # - The pound/number sign.
              • $ - The dollar sign.
              • % - The percent sign.
              • _ - The underscore.
              • -- - The dash.

F. Firewalls – Firewalls combine hardware and software to block unwanted
   communication into and out of the credit union’s network while allowing
   acceptable communications to pass. They provide protection of the internal
   network and protect all connection points between the internal network and
   external networks, such as the Internet. The credit union will periodically
   review and test firewalls. In addition, an independent provider will conduct an
   annual review and test for intrusion risks.

G. Encryption – Encryption transforms data into readable format. The credit
   union’s system uses TLS connections with up-to-date SSL certificates and
   underlying ciphers for encryption on all e-commerce system communications.
   Encryption is used when transmitting all sensitive or critical data. The SSL
   certificate and TLS protocol undergo at least a yearly test with Qualys SSL
   Labs to determine the security rating. This test is located at


                                      4
        https://www.ssllabs.com/ssltest/analyze. The results are on file with the IT
        department.

   H. Transaction verification – The credit union’s e-commerce agreements define
      the procedures for valid and authentic electronic communications between the
      credit union and its members. The agreements specify that the parties intend
      to be bound by communications that comply with these procedures. Audit trails
      are maintained for purposes of identifying the parties that initiate transactions.
      Audit trails enable the credit union to verify specific transactions and can
      provide proof of transactions to avoid claims of repudiation by members.

   I.   Virus Protection – The credit union has established a credit union-wise
        detection and prevention program to reduce the likelihood of computer viruses.
        The program includes end-user policies, training and awareness programs,
        anti-virus detection tools, and enforcement procedures.

Monitoring
   Monitoring is essential for effective e-commerce risk management. Data
   generated by monitoring techniques allow the credit union to measure performance
   and assess the effectives of security controls.

   A. Security Monitoring – The credit union places a strong emphasis on using
      monitoring tools to identify vulnerabilities and, in a real-time mode, detect
      possible intrusions from external and internal parties (hackers). As provided in
      the credit union’s security policy, staff should report security breaches promptly
      to appropriate management.

   B. Penetration Testing – Penetration testing is the process of identifying, isolating,
      and confirming possible flaws in the design and implementation of passwords,
      firewalls, encryption, and other security controls. Tests simulate the probable
      actions of unauthorized and authorized users. Because the tactics used by
      unauthorized users to infiltrate computer systems frequently change,
      penetration tests do no guarantee that firewalls will prevent all type of attacks.
      The credit union has contracted with a bonded outside firm that specializes in
      monitoring security for financial institutions to conduct penetration testing,
      provide results of those tests, and recommend manual or automated processes
      to ensure security.

   C. Intrusion Detection – Transaction and audit logs will be produced indicating
      network traffic on a real-time basis. Systems will be in place to notify the
      proper parties, or to terminate suspicious network connections. Intrusion
      detection tools will also enable management to maintain an incident database
      for tend analysis of network intrusions and attach attempts. Intrusion system is
      monitored 24/7 by Secure Works security operation center.




                                           5
Breach of Security
   Following the detection of an unauthorized act or user, the credit union will initiate
   procedures to respond to the intrusion.

   A. Management will be notified immediately regarding the cause and scope of the
      breach.

   B. The extent of damage or disclosure of information will be determined, including
      the legal liability the credit union may incur.

   C. Proper response activities will be put in place by the credit union to cover
      communications with members, law enforcement agencies, regulatory
      agencies, and the media.

   D. Only designated individuals will be authorized to communicate with any of the
      above detailed entities.

Contingency Planning/Business Continuity
   All e-commerce systems are incorporated into the credit union’s overall
   contingency planning and business continuity efforts. The credit union’s core
   processor and e-commerce provider have each addressed disaster recovery and
   contingency planning. Similar to other processes and application, the credit
   union’s recovery plan for e-commerce is to be based on a business impact
   analysis. This analysis should evaluate business applications and processes to
   determine importance and establish prioritized order of business resumption
   designed to recover the most critical functions and systems first.

Expertise and Training
   The credit union relies on its e-commerce system provider, Fiserv, for all software
   development and support. The credit union will assess all personnel to determine
   if special staffing or training needs are required for those involved in systems
   development, operation, and member support. As deemed appropriate, additional
   training will be provided. Training needs will be assessed annually to keep pace
   with technological and personnel changes.




                                           6
