<!-- policy-prep:converted source="0691R00000RO7DnQAL_0051R00000JDyQtQAL (1).doc" source-sha256="e7934961219538f44ffe323c07c37e7940e5edc500f4476c79e95b8e72a31c7b" -->

POLICY STATEMENT

Inspirus Credit Union (Credit Union) may expel members “for cause.” “Cause” includes, but is not limited to, member conduct that causes the Credit Union a loss; member activity that constitutes a breach of federal or state laws or regulations; or behavior that threatens, harasses, or abuses an employee or another member; or is otherwise harmful to the Credit Union. 



Membership terminations that are a result of loan charge-offs or bankruptcy are not covered by this policy. 



Member expulsion processes will be conducted, consistent with state law and the Credit Union’s Bylaws.



AUTHORITY

The Board of Directors delegates authority to the President/CEO to expel members for cause.



REPORTING

If a member is expelled, a report detailing the expulsion will be provided to both the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee at their next normally scheduled meeting. 







STANDARDS



EXPULSION PROCESS

If the President chooses to expel a member, the member will be provided a written notice of expulsion and the reasons upon which the expulsion is based. The member(s) will have 30 days from the date of expulsion to request reconsideration. All such requests will be reviewed and decided upon by the President/CEO.



Amounts in an expelled member(s) share and deposit accounts must be promptly paid to the member(s) following expulsion, after deducting amounts owed to the Credit Union, including, but not limited to, any applicable penalties for early withdrawal. Expulsion does not relieve the member from outstanding liabilities owed to the Credit Union.





REINSTATEMENT

A member who wishes to be reinstated may petition the Credit Union for consideration of reinstatement provided that any losses the Credit Union encountered are repaid. All such petitions will be reviewed and decided upon by the President.
