<!-- policy-prep:converted source="0691R00000RO65TQAT_0051R00000JE3wRQAT.docx" source-sha256="a67c0d4461e75f957d69dcc870cd7069f688d1b03c9dc518c021c5dceb917858" -->

CASH VAULTS 



Each branch has a Main Cash Vault which maintains the bulk of the branch’s cash and is under sole control of the Head Teller.  Weekend branches will also have a Back-Up Vault to cover the cash needs of the branch when the Head Teller is not available.  Back-Up Vaults may be set up as a sole control vault or a dual control vault based on the needs of the branch.    



Main Cash Vault



The Head Teller has sole-control of the main cash vault and contents.  

The Head Teller is assigned the full combinations and/or keys to the main cash vaults.  

The main cash vault combinations and/or keys should be divided among other branch employees in a manner to assure dual access in case it becomes necessary to enter the main vault while the Head Teller is absent.  

A master copy of the combinations and/or keys to the main cash vault(s) must be kept in the Dual Control Key Box for emergency needs.    

Vault Currency and Coin Logs will be maintained in a Main Vault binder.  Any transactions conducted through the main cash vault(s) must be documented in these records.  

As with any cash funds under sole control, a Balance must be conducted by the Head Teller on the main cash vault(s) each day the Head Teller works or under dual control if the vault has been accessed during the Head Teller’s absence.  The Balance must be conducted as close to the end of the day as possible although it may not always be possible for this to be the final entry of the day in the vault records.  The Balance will be documented in the main vault records in red ink.   

A surprise cash audit must be conducted on the vault contents once a month.  The audit will be conducted under dual control by a member of the platform and the Head Teller or appointed designee and documented in the main cash vault records in red ink. 

Any time the vault has been accessed during the Head Teller’s absence, a dual-control audit must be conducted with the Head Teller prior to regaining control of the vault and contents.  This audit will be documented in the vault records in red ink with verification of dual control.



There may be instances when the main cash vault will be operated by a Floater/Back-Up Head Teller.  The following guidelines will apply:



Whenever possible, the Floater/Back-up Head Teller should be assigned the Head Teller’s drawer number and cash drawer (only when the Head Teller is absent).  This will eliminate the need to run tickets to sell the vault contents. If for any reason the Floater Head Teller will not be operating under the Head Teller’s drawer number, the vault contents will be sold to them following standard Sell Cash procedures.        

The combinations and/or keys to the main cash vault must be issued to the Floater/Back-Up Head Teller in a manner to ensure that access to the vault remains under dual control at all times.  

An audit of the cash vault funds must be conducted under dual control with the Floater/Back-Up Head Teller prior to utilization of the funds.  This audit will be documented in the vault records in red ink with verification of dual control.  Note “Audit – Sell to #(teller number)” in the Purpose column in the vault logs.

The Floater Head Teller will have sole control of the vault funds and will maintain the vault and vault records as required of the Head Teller.

Upon return of the Head Teller, an audit must be conducted under dual control with the Head Teller before the Head Teller is allowed access to or use of the funds.  “Audit – Sell to #(HT number)” will be noted in the Purpose column.  This audit will be documented in the vault records in red ink with verification of dual control.    



There may be instances where the main cash vault must be accessed during the Head Teller’s absence and the vault has not been assigned to a Floater/Back-up Head Teller.  The following guidelines will apply:



Access to the vault and any transactions processed through the vault must be conducted under dual control at all times.  

Each transaction will be documented in the Vault Currency/Coin Logs following standard procedures with both parties initialing the log as verification the transactions were processed under dual control.

The transaction will be processed in Vertex under the Head Teller’s number.  This transaction must be processed in Vertex by a platform employee.  

The validated Cash In/Out ticket will be given to the teller selling or receiving the funds to place with their offsetting cash ticket in their work. 



Back-Up Vaults 



Back-up vaults will be maintained in all weekend branches to cover any cash needs during the absence of the Head Teller.  Two options are available for establishment of a back-up vault – Dual Control and Sole Control.  The Branch Manager of account will determine which option works best for their location; however, certain restrictions apply.  The cash limit maintained in the back-up vault will be determined by the Branch Manager based on the cash needs of the branch and will be included in the branch’s overall cash limit. 



Back-up vaults will be kept separate from the main cash vault(s) and will be assigned their own keys and/or combinations.  Separate Vault Currency/Coin Logs will be maintained in a Back-Up Vault binder.  



Dual Control Vault



A Dual Control vault requires access and maintenance under dual control at all times.  This option must be used if the branch does not have a designated back-up Head Teller.  



The following guidelines will apply to a Dual Control back-up vault:



A Dual Control Back-up Vault is assigned its own teller number with corresponding Cash In/Out tickets.  The Cash In/Out tickets will be kept in the Back-Up Vault.  A teller stamp for the dual control back-up vault is not required.  

The Dual Control Back-up Vault will be accessed and maintained under dual control at all times.  The Dual Control Back-up Vault combinations and/or keys should be divided among the branch employees in a manner to assure dual access.  

A master copy of the combinations and/or keys to the Dual Control Back-up Vault(s) must be kept in the Dual Control Key Box for emergency needs.    

Each transaction processed through the Dual Control Back-up Vault will be documented in the Back-up Vault Logs and initialed by both parties to the transaction.  A Cash In/Out ticket will be obtained from the vault to process the transaction in Vertex.  

The transaction will be processed in Vertex under the Back-up Vault teller number.  This transaction cannot be processed in Vertex by the same teller who is the recipient of the funds or who is selling the funds to the vault.  The validated Cash In/Out ticket will be given to the teller selling or receiving the funds to place with their offsetting cash ticket in their work. 

Funds being sold to the Dual Control Back-up Vault must be counted under dual control.  The two employees must initial each strap prior to it being placed in the vault. Do NOT restrap the currency being sold to the back-up vault.  Maintaining the original straps will assist in researching any discrepancies found in the vault funds.  

Since each transaction in this vault is conducted under dual control, there will be no need to conduct a Daily Balance even on days that the vault was accessed.

Funds may be sold from the main vault to the back-up vault as needed to cover any anticipated cash needs of the branch during the Head Teller’s absence.  

A surprise cash audit must be conducted on the back-up vault once a month with a member of the platform.  Any discrepancies not resolved will be written against the back-up vault number.  This audit will be documented in the vault records in red ink with verification of dual control.



Sole Control



This option may only be used if the branch has a designated back-up Head Teller.  The sole control back-up vault is assigned to the designated Back-up Head Teller who has sole control of the vault and contents.  The Back-up Head Teller must follow the same vault guidelines as outlined for the Main Cash Vault.
