<!-- policy-prep:converted source="7. Asset Liability Management Policies.pdf" source-sha256="99e91558308494e228953f36298385509da138a065c83e6e525d1dbc3a58c39f" -->

7.     ASSET LIABILITY MANAGEMENT POLICIES

      7.1    Philosophy

             This policy is intended to serve as a guide for all other bank financial
             policies and guidelines. The framework and philosophy herein provides
             direction for decisions regarding loan and deposit pricing, investments,
             borrowings, fees, and operating expenses. Implementation of this policy
             assists management in maintaining a balance between the nature of
             portfolio assets and liabilities, minimizing expenses, appropriately
             managing risk and sustaining strong levels of liquidity and capital.

             The goal of this policy is to establish formal review and decision-making
             procedures so that sufficient earnings can be achieved, regardless of
             changes in interest rates, while properly managing risk. Through earnings
             the bank can grow the level of capital necessary to sustain superior client
             service and asset growth.

      7.2.   Asset-Liability Management Committee (ALCO)

             7.2.1. Authority for Asset-Liability Management

                     The Board of Directors is ultimately responsible for the asset-
                     liability management of the bank.

                     The Board delegates operational authority for asset-liability
                     management to the President/CEO who, with advice from the
                     Asset Liability Management Committee (ALCO), will make day-
                     to-day asset-liability management decisions in accordance with
                     this policy, while considering the other policies, goals and plans
                     approved by the Board of Directors.

                     The Board of Directors has charged the ALCO with the
                     responsibility of implementing internal asset-liability decision-
                     making mechanisms, as well as communications and control
                     procedures that can be used to aid in the management of net
                     income, capital and risk. These mechanisms and procedures result
                     in liquidity and capital planning, asset & liability mix
                     management, and pricing policies.

             7.2.2. ALCO Meeting Agenda, Minutes, and Recommendations

                     The ALCO meets monthly to review and make decisions based on
                     the following information:

                     7.2.2.1. Financial performance ratios and operating standards

Approved 6/18/2011
                     7.2.2.2. Proforma financials for the current quarter compared to
                     previous periods
                     7.2.2.3. Loan and Deposit pricing with comparisons to market
                     7.2.2.4. Liquidity position
                     7.2.2.5. Asset and Liability portfolio mix
                     7.2.2.6. Loan Servicing Portfolio
                     7.2.2.7. Maturity distribution of certificates of deposit, loans, and
                     investments
                     7.2.2.8. Current interest rate outlook
                     7.2.2.9. Current and anticipated cash flow
                     7.2.2.10. Other Reports as necessary

                     The preceding list constitutes the typical agenda for an ALCO
                     meeting. Topics may be added or deleted as necessary.

                     On a quarterly basis the committee will review the following
                     reports in addition to the monthly reports

                     7.2.2.11 Gap Analysis
                     7.2.2.12 Projected 12-Month financials
                     7.2.2.13 Projected Key Ratios
                     7.2.2.14 Margin Forecast
                     7.2.2.15 Projected Credit and Liquidity Risk
                     7.2.2.16 Interest Rate Sensitivity
                     7.2.2.17 Economic Value of Equity (EVE)
                     7.2.2.18 Peer Comparison

                     The preceding list constitutes additional typical agenda items for a
                     quarterly ALCO meeting. This additional information is provided
                     by a third party vendor based on information from the bank’s
                     general ledger and general model assumptions that are documented
                     in the reports provided. Model assumptions are reviewed annually
                     by the ALCO committee.

                     Minutes from the ALCO meeting, as well as any
                     recommendations, are presented at the following Board Meeting.
                     The Board may at any time reverse or amend an action of the
                     ALCO committee.

      7.3. General Policy of ALCO

             7.3.1. General Goals

                     7.3.1.1. To provide the high quality products and services to meet
                     the needs of our clients and shareholders at , competitive prices in


Approved 6/18/2011
                     accordance with the Vision/Mission, Three-Year Business Plan
                     and Annual Corporate Objectives.
                     7.3.1.2. To invest excess funds in a prudent manner that provides
                     returns on those investments that will contribute to capital growth
                     and financial stability at the same time providing a source of
                     liquidity when required.
                     7.3.1.3. To safeguard the assets of our clients and shareholders and
                     adequately manage risk.
                     7.3.1.4. To manage the balance between the maturity and re-
                     pricing of the bank’s assets and liabilities. See Interest Rate Risk
                     Policy for further details.

             7.3.2. Legal Compliance

                     All policies and practices governing asset-liability management
                     shall be in full compliance with all applicable state and federal
                     laws, rules, and regulations.

             7.3.3. Objectives and Targets

                     7.3.3.1. The bank has three major objectives for successful asset-
                     liability management.

                     7.3.3.1.1. Maintenance of adequate liquidity.
                     7.3.3.1.2. Optimization of return on assets.
                     7.3.3.1.3. Management of adequate capital and reserves.

                     All financial institutions assume some amount of risk as part of
                     normal operations. It is the policy of the Bank to manage and
                     control the amount of risk it assumes according to policies and
                     procedures that are consistent with the short and long-term
                     strategic goals of the Bank. The primary objectives of the Bank’s
                     asset/liability management process include:

                     Consistent earnings growth and capital ratios within acceptable and
                     controllable levels considering the following five main risks:

                        Interest Rate Risk (IRR) - risk that changes in prevailing
                         interest rates will adversely affect the earnings stream of the
                         Bank. This includes interest income and dividend expense
                         effects.
                        Price Risk (also called Valuation or Market Risk) - risk that
                         changes in prevailing interest rates will adversely affect assets,
                         liabilities, and capital, at different times, or in different
                         amounts. Price Risk is the economic value of equity effect due

Approved 6/18/2011
                         to changes in Interest Rates and other market factors both
                         internal and external to the Bank.
                        Liquidity Risk - risk that not enough cash will be generated
                         from either assets or liabilities to respond to the needs of our
                         clients, to satisfy our financial obligations or to access
                         unanticipated earnings enhancement opportunities.
                        Credit Risk - risk that some loans and investments may not be
                         repaid (default risk);
                        Yield Curve or Mismatch Risk - risk of adverse consequences
                         from a change in interest rates that exists due to differences in
                         rates, maturities and optionally of the Bank’s assets and
                         liabilities.

             7.3.3.2. Asset-liability and performance goals are based on the Bank’s one
             and three year business plans.

             7.3.3.4 Asset Liability Committee Duties

                     The items cited below do not necessarily represent an all-inclusive
                     list of the ALCO’s duties, given the dynamic nature of its
                     responsibilities. On a regular basis, the ALCO should:

                     Hold a formal meeting (usually once a month). Informal meetings
                     will be held on an as needed basis.

                     Monitor and discuss the status and results of implemented
                     asset/liability management strategies and tactics.

                     Review the current and prospective liquidity positions and monitor
                     alternative funding sources.

                     Establish and update interest rates and service charges for all
                     products of the Bank.

                     Review measurement reports on various risks that can be measured
                     with a reasonable degree of effort. Compare simulated exposures
                     of these risks to policy limits. Discuss and report on the impact of
                     major funding shifts and changes in overall investment and lending
                     strategies.

                     Review the current and prospective capital levels (risk-based as
                     well as leverage capital ratios) to determine sufficiency in relation
                     to expected growth, interest rate risk, price risk, and asset/liability
                     mix and quality.

Approved 6/18/2011
                     Review outlook for interest rates and economy at both local and
                     national levels.

                     Develop alternate strategies as deemed appropriate, which take
                     into account changes in:

                           National and local monetary and fiscal policy,
                           Banking regulations,
                           Interest rate levels and trends, and
                           Deposit and loan products and related markets.

                     Report the minutes each month to the Board of Directors

                     Also, the ALCO will remain aware of the overall financial
                     performance of the Bank and, therefore, will monitor significant
                     changes/trends in its financial results. In this regard it may:

                           Review actual net interest income and asset/liability mix
                            versus budget.
                           Measure performance against established strategic plans
                            and, if appropriate against peer group data.
                           Review the level and makeup of non-earning assets.
                           Given the importance of the ALCO in the management of
                            the Bank’s balance sheet and related earnings stream, the
                            ALCO will review the annual budget and performance to
                            budget.

             7.3.4. Importance of Core Deposits

                     Core deposits are those which characteristically neither run-off nor
                     change dramatically from month-to-month. Generally, savings,
                     money market and checking deposits are considered core deposits.
                     In addition, certificates of deposits up to the federally insured
                     limits are also considered core.

             7.3.5. Annual Budget Review

                     The Board, with advice from management, has responsibility for
                     reviewing the budget throughout the year. At each Board meeting,
                     balance sheet and income statement budget variance reports are


Approved 6/18/2011
                     reviewed, with explanations from management, followed by any
                     recommended corrective actions.

             7.3.6. Strategic Business Plan

                     The direction of asset-liability management is a result of the
                     Bank’s strategic long-range plans and objectives. The approved
                     business plan is used by the bank to prepare a detailed annual
                     budget for Board approval.

             7.3.7. Liquidity Factors

                The bank actively manages the composition of assets and liabilities to
                maintain the appropriate level of liquidity. Liquidity is the measure of
                the bank’s ability to meet both the borrowing needs and savings
                withdrawal needs of its clients. It is also a condition of day-to-day cash
                management planning. Accordingly, adequate funding sources such as
                investments readily converted to cash, and lines of credit will be
                maintained. The bank maintains alternative sources of cash through
                established Fed funds purchase lines of credit and the availability of
                short and long term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank. The
                following relationships will be reviewed to determine that liquidity
                levels do not fall below or exceed these specified limits:

                        Loan to Deposit ratio below 150%
                        Available credit at FHLB above 5% of total assets
                        Liquidity ratio above 5%

             7.3.8. Deposit Mix Targets

                     Certificates of Deposit 40%-55%
                     Money Market Accounts 15%-35%
                     Checking Accounts 15%-30%
                     Savings Accounts 5%-15%

             7.3.9. Funding Considerations

                     Funding of rate sensitive assets with rate sensitive liabilities will
                     comply, to the extent possible, with the matching principle, in
                     which maturities and re-pricing periods of assets correlate to those
                     of the underlying funding source (liabilities). It is understood there
                     can never be a perfect match of assets and liabilities, but the
                     ALCO will focus on the impact of interest rate sensitivity on at
                     least a quarterly basis.



Approved 6/18/2011
             7.3.10. Implementation of Review Policy

                     The asset-liability management policy shall be formally reviewed
                     by the Board of Directors, with revisions or modifications as
                     necessary, on at least an annual basis.

      7.4. Approach to Management and Board Reporting

             7.4.1. Information provided to the Board of Directors

                     Under this policy, the Board of Directors will receive the following
                     data in the board package on a monthly basis:

                     7.4.1.1. Current condensed balance sheet with comparison to
                     budgeted goals
                     7.4.1.2. Current condensed income statement with comparison to
                     budgeted goals.
                     7.4.1.3. Detailed balance sheet and income statement.
                     7.4.1.4. Deposit and loan mix comparison reports.
                     7.4.1.5. Other reports deemed appropriate.

                     Under this policy, the Board of Directors will receive the following
                     data in the board package on a quarterly basis:

                     7.4.1.6 Interest Risk Sensitivity report
                     7.4.1.7 Economic Value of Equity report




Approved 6/18/2011
