<!-- policy-prep:converted source="boa-1207.pdf" source-sha256="ce6afd8da30b617e2d9324eb04a898de45fb45b4b88fb18a0d65246df1262e2d" -->

Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan
Bank of America, N.A. Resolution Plan
FIA Card Services, N.A. Resolution Plan
Public Executive Summary
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Table of Contents
Section                                                                           Page
       Introduction and Summary of Resolution Strategy                                3
I.     Names of Material Entities                                                     7
II.    Description of Business Segments                                              10
III.   Summary Financial Information Regarding Assets, Liabilities, Capital and      12
       Major Funding Sources
IV.    Description of Derivatives and Hedging Activities                             21
V.     Memberships in Material Payment, Clearing and Settlement Systems              26
VI.    Descriptions of Foreign Operations                                            31
VII.   Material Supervisory Authorities                                              33
VIII. Principal Officers                                                             34
IX.    Resolution Planning Corporate Governance Structure and Processes              36
       Related to Resolution Planning
X.     Description of Material Management Information Systems                        38
XI.    High-level Description of Resolution Strategy                                 39




                                                                                  Page 2
                   Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Introduction
Bank of America Corporation and its subsidiaries (―Bank of America‖, ―the Corporation‖
or ―the Company‖) developed Resolution Plans for Bank of America Corporation, Bank
of America, N.A., and FIA Card Services, N.A. (the ―Plan‖) as required of all large
financial institutions under:

       The Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System’s (―Federal Reserve’s‖)
       and Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s (―FDIC’s‖) Joint Resolution Plan
       Rule as required under Title I, Section 165(d) (―165(d)‖), of the Dodd-Frank Wall
       Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act; and

       The FDIC’s Resolution Plan Rule for Covered Insured Depository Institutions
       (―CIDI Rule‖).

The Plan is required by a provision of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act, which mandates that bank-holding companies with assets of
$50 billion or more develop a contingency plan for orderly liquidation. The purpose of
this provision is to provide bank regulators with plans that would enable them to
liquidate failing financial companies that pose a significant risk to the financial stability of
the United States in a manner that mitigates such risk and minimizes moral hazard and
obviates the need for taxpayer support, which is prohibited in the legislation.

The Plan has been submitted to the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, and provides a
detailed roadmap for the orderly resolution of Bank of America under a hypothetical
scenario.

The Plan contemplates a resolution strategy in which Bank of America’s U.S. banking
subsidiaries, including Bank of America, N.A. and FIA Card Services, N.A., under a
hypothetical resolution scenario, would be placed into FDIC receiverships. Certain
assets and liabilities would be transferred to a bridge bank that would, subject to certain
assumptions, emerge from resolution as a viable going concern. Bank of America’s
other material entities would be wound down in an orderly manner, subject to certain
assumptions. In addition, the Plan includes strategies designed to ensure continuity of
certain core business lines and critical operations during the hypothetical resolution of
certain Bank of America entities. The strategies incorporate the importance of continued
access to critical services including, but not limited to, technology, employees, facilities,
intellectual property and supplier relationships.

Bank of America maintains a strong balance sheet and strong risk management
policies. The Company is achieving these goals with a well-defined strategy, and clearly
articulated operating principles that include strong and consistent levels of liquidity,
capital, earnings and operating performance. Since the beginning of 2010, Bank of
America has pursued a strategy to align all of the Company’s resources around three
core customer groups – individuals, companies and institutional investors. To support
that strategy and drive how the Company manages its businesses and balance sheet
the company has adopted six Operating Principles.


                                                                                         Page 3
                      Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



Bank of America’s Operating Principles

       Be customer-driven

       Manage risk well

       Continue to build a fortress balance sheet

       Deliver for our shareholders

       Manage efficiency well

       Be the best place to work

   Be customer driven – Since the beginning of 2010, Bank of America has
   completed more than 20 non-core asset sales as part of an overall strategy to
   streamline the Company and focus on serving its three core customer groups –
   individuals, companies and institutional investors. These actions have generated
   more than $50 billion in liquidity and $11 billion in Tier 1 common equity. At the
   same time, the non-core asset sales have reduced risk-weighted assets by nearly
   $58 billion and have made Bank of America more streamlined.

   The non-core assets that were sold in 2010 and 2011 include:

                  Non-Core Businesses                                                    Investments
   o   Regions-branded credit cards                                             o    Itaú Unibanco Holding
   o   Wilshire Credit Corporation assets                                       o    Santander Mexico
   o   Columbia’s long-term asset management business                           o    BlackRock
   o   First Republic                                                           o    MasterCard
   o   LaSalle Global Trust                                                     o    China Construction Bank*
   o   General Fidelity Insurance Co.                                           o    Private equity investments
   o   Balboa Insurance
   o   U.K. Small Business Card
   o   Spain Credit Card
   o   Sovereign-branded credit card
   o   Canadian Consumer Credit Card business

       *As of March 31, 2012, Bank of America owned less than 1% of the outstanding shares in China Construction Bank.


       Manage risk well – Bank of America has strengthened its risk culture as
       evidenced by improvements in consumer and commercial credit quality and
       decreases in market and counterparty risk. In addition, since 2009, the Company
       has made substantial progress on resolving legacy mortgage-related issues and,
       as demonstrated in its public filings, increased reserves for representations and
       warranties exposures.

       Bank of America has also deployed a new Risk Management Framework and
       has embedded a modernized risk culture throughout the organization.


                                                                                                                   Page 4
              Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


  ($ in billions)                                       3/31/12          3/31/09       Change
  Risk-weighted assets                                $ 1,220.8        $ 1,695.2      $ (474.4)
  Net charge-offs*                                           4.1              9.1          (5.0)
  Provision for credit losses*                               2.4             15.6        (13.2)
  Allowance for loan and lease losses                      32.2              29.0           3.2
*presented on a managed basis for 3/31/09

Continue to build a fortress balance sheet – Bank of America has improved its
balance sheet by significantly increasing capital and liquidity and reducing long-
term debt.

  ($ in billions)                                           3/31/12         3/31/09     Change
  Tier 1 common equity                                      $ 131.6         $ 76.1       $ 55.5
  Tier 1 common capital ratio                               10.78%           4.49%       629-bp
  Global Excess Liquidity Sources*                          $ 405.9         $ 219.0      $ 186.9
  Long-term debt                                              354.9           440.8        (85.9)
*Estimate for 3/31/09 as Gross Excess Liquidity Sources were not reported until December 31, 2009.

Deliver for our shareholders — Bank of America continues to focus on
initiatives to simplify the organization with clear business strategies that focus on
three core customer groups – individuals, companies and institutional investors.
The Bank of America shareholder return model starts with the fortress balance
sheet. The next steps are to generate revenue growth by deepening relationships
across the three groups of customers and clients; to continue to control
expenses; and to deploy capital to growth opportunities. One important measure
over the long term is tangible book value (TBV). Growing TBV over time
represents shareholder value. The Company expects these strategies to deliver
the types of returns that shareholders expect.

Manage efficiency well — Bank of America continues to focus on improving
overall efficiency and effectiveness. The centerpiece of this work is ―Project New
BAC,‖ a two-phased initiative to simplify and streamline workflows and
processes, align businesses and expenses more closely with the Company’s
overall strategic plan and operating principles and increase revenue. Phase 1
implementation continued during the three months ended March 31, 2012, and
the Company recently completed Phase 2 evaluations. The Company’s stated
goal of the full implementation of Phase 1 is to reduce certain costs by $5 billion
per year by 2014 with more than 20 percent of the Phase 1 cost savings coming
by the end of 2012. The Company expects all aspects of Project New BAC to be
fully implemented by the end of 2014.

Be the best place to work — The Company believes that by being the best
place to work, employees can better serve customers and clients, which, in turn,
will result in good returns for shareholders. To put this philosophy into practice,
the Company continues to improve training and career opportunities. In 2011,
Bank of America placed tens of thousands of teammates in new jobs throughout
the Company, representing opportunities for employees to build new skills and
benefit from new experiences.
                                                                                                    Page 5
                        Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



The following chart compares the financial strength of Bank of America at March 31,
2012, to March 31, 2009, and demonstrates the significant improvements in Bank of
America’s financial position over the past three years. Tier 1 common capital ratio has
improved by 629 basis points, while Global Excess Liquidity Sources have improved by
$186.9 billion during this timeframe.

                         Financial Comparison: March 31, 2012 to March 31, 2009

($ in billions, except as noted)                3/31/2012            3/31/2009                 Change        % change

Capital
Tier 1 common capital                             $ 131.6              $ 76.1                  $ 55.5               73%
Risk-weighted assets                               1,220.8             1,695.1                  (474.3)           (28)%
Tier 1 common capital ratio                        10.78%               4.49%                   629-bp            140%


Funding and Liquidity
Global Excess Liquidity Sources1                  $ 405.9             $ 219.0                 $ 186.9               85%
Long-term debt                                      354.9               440.8                   (85.9)            (19)%
Short-term borrowings (e.g., bank                    39.3               185.8                  (146.5)            (79)%
notes, CP etc.)

Trading Book
Value-at-risk ($ in millions)                      $ 84.1             $ 244.6                $ (160.5)            (66)%

Credit Quality
Allowance for loan and lease                       $ 32.2                 $29.0                      3.2            11%
losses (ALLL) reserves
ALLL as % of loans and leases                        3.61%               3.00%                  0.61-bp             20%
outstanding2
Annualized net charge-offs                           1.80%               2.85%                 (105)-bp           (37)%
(NCOs) as % of loans and leases
outstanding2
Ratio of ALLL to annualized                          1.97 x              1.03 x                  0.94 x             91%
NCOs
1
 Estimate for 3/31/09 as Gross Excess Liquidity Sources were not reported until December 31, 2009.
2
 Total loans and leases do not include loans accounted for under the fair value option of $9.2 billion and $7.4 billion
at March 31, 2012 and 2009.




                                                                                                                 Page 6
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


I. Names of Material Entities

The Resolution Plan identifies Bank of America Corporation (the ―Parent‖) and certain of
its subsidiaries as ―Material Entities‖ (―MEs‖) for the purpose of resolution planning. The
Resolution Plan includes an analysis of each ME and the resolution regime and strategy
that would be applicable to each ME. The MEs in the Resolution Plan include, but are
not limited to, the following legal entities:

Bank of America Corporation

Bank of America Corporation is a bank-holding company that is incorporated in
Delaware and headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. Bank of America Corporation
is a Covered Company for the purposes of Section 165(d) of the Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act (―Dodd-Frank‖) and is the ―Parent Company‖ for the
purposes of 12 CFR Part 360.

The Corporation is the ultimate parent of all MEs and consists of bank and non-bank
subsidiaries that provide diversified banking and non-banking financial services and
products throughout the U.S. and in certain international markets. The Corporation’s
subsidiaries operate in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and more than 40
countries.

Bank of America, National Association

Bank of America, N.A. (―BANA‖) is the flagship national full-service commercial bank
and primary bank subsidiary of Bank of America Corporation.

As of December 31, 2011, BANA operates in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and
has foreign branches in more than 20 countries. Its retail banking footprint covers
approximately 80 percent of the U.S. population, and in the U.S. it serves approximately
57 million consumer and small business relationships with approximately 5,700 banking
centers, 17,250 ATMs, nationwide call centers and leading online and mobile banking
platforms. BANA offers industry leading support to approximately four million small
business owners. It is a leading provider of corporate and investment banking and
trading across a broad range of asset classes serving corporations, governments,
institutions and individuals around the world.

FIA Card Services, National Association

FIA Card Services, N.A. (―FIA‖) is a national bank and a credit card lender. FIA is one of
the leading issuers of credit cards to consumers, small businesses and corporations in
the U.S. FIA also supports Merrill Lynch U.S. Wealth Management’s offerings of card
and deposit solutions.




                                                                                     Page 7
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc.

Merrill Lynch & Co., Inc. (―MLCO‖) is the former parent holding company for Merrill
Lynch entities prior to its acquisition by Bank of America Corporation. MLCO, a direct
subsidiary of the Corporation, is the holding company for Merrill Lynch subsidiaries and
operations, and is organized as a Delaware corporation.

MLCO, through its subsidiaries, provides broker-dealer, investment banking, financing,
wealth management, advisory, asset management, insurance, lending and related
products and services on a global basis. MLCO does not have any significant
operations, and specifically has no core business lines, critical operations or critical
services, but has debt outstanding from discontinued issuance programs. MLCO
remains a separate reporting Company that files quarterly unaudited and annual audited
financial statements on Forms 10-Q and 10-K with the SEC and similar reports in
foreign jurisdictions.

MLCO subsidiaries and affiliates operate in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and
more than 40 countries.

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.

Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc. (―MLPFS‖) is a U.S. broker-dealer that is 100
percent owned by MLCO.

MLPFS serves corporate, institutional, retail, government, and other clients, with a focus
on U.S. clients. MLPFS holds memberships and/or has third-party clearing relationships
with most major commodity and financial futures exchanges and clearing associations
in the U.S. It also carries positions reflecting trades executed on exchanges and
markets outside of the U.S. through affiliates and/or third-party clearing brokers. As a
leading investment banking entity, MLPFS provides corporate, institutional, and
government clients with a wide variety of financial services including underwriting the
sale of securities to the public; structured and derivative financing; private placements;
mortgage and lease financing; and financial advisory services, including advice on
mergers and acquisitions. MLPFS has been designated by the Federal Reserve Bank of
New York as a primary dealer in U.S. Treasury securities. MLPFS also provides
securities clearing services for its own account and for unaffiliated broker-dealers.
MLPFS is a member of Securities Investor Protection Corporation (―SIPC‖).




                                                                                    Page 8
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Merrill Lynch International

Merrill Lynch International (―MLI‖) is a U.K.-based and regulated international broker-
dealer providing a wide range of financial services globally for business originated in
Europe/Middle East/Africa (―EMEA‖), Asia/Pacific Region and the Americas.

MLI supports various Global Markets businesses including investment banking activity,
international debt and equity underwriting and mergers and acquisitions. MLI also
conducts a wide range of trading activities in the international equity markets, and in the
Euro debt and money markets. Additionally, MLI provides a number of post-trade
services to third-party clients, including clearing and settlement.

MLI is a market maker in a multitude of products and is engaged in the following
products and activities: cash equities, equity derivatives, and equity financing. It is a
market maker in many of the European government bond markets and operates repo
activities for its own financing, client opportunities, credit, distressed and trading, futures
trading, and investment banking.

MLI operates a multicurrency business which includes all major currencies and many
emerging market currencies. MLI is a member of over 50 exchanges and platforms
throughout EMEA, notably the London Stock Exchange, London International Financial
Futures & Options Exchange and European Exchange (―EUREX‖).

Merrill Lynch International Bank Limited

Merrill Lynch International Bank Limited (―MLIB‖) is the primary non-U.S. banking entity
of Bank of America Corporation. It is incorporated in Ireland and is regulated by the
Central Bank of Ireland; however, it operates globally for business originated in EMEA,
Asia/Pacific Region and the Americas.

MLIB is used by the Global Markets and GWIM business segments. MLIB acts as a
principal and intermediary for debt derivative (e.g., flow trades) transactions and
engages in advisory, lending, loan-trading and institutional sales activity. MLIB also
provides collateralized lending, letters of credit, guaranties and foreign exchanges
services to, and accepts deposits from, its clients (corporate and high net worth retail).
Finally, MLIB provides mortgage lending, administration and servicing in the U.K. non-
conforming residential mortgage market (through itself and its subsidiaries).

MLIB’s principal business in terms of activity is debt derivatives trades. It trades flow
rates (e.g., swaps) and over-the-counter derivatives principally with third-party
institutions and affiliate companies.




                                                                                        Page 9
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


II. Description of Business Segments

The Corporation’s banking and various non-banking subsidiaries throughout the U.S.
and in international markets provide a diversified range of banking and non-banking
financial services and products to three groups of customers – individuals, companies
and institutional investors through five business segments: Consumer and Business
Banking, Consumer Real Estate Services, Global Banking, Global Markets, and Global
Wealth and Investment Management. Certain of the activities of these segments were
determined to meet the definition of a ―core business‖ for the Resolution Plan. The five
business segments are described below.

Consumer and Business Banking (“CBB”)

CBB, which is comprised of the Deposits, Card Services and Business Banking
businesses, offers a diversified range of credit, banking and investment products and
services to consumers and businesses. CBB customers and clients have access to a
franchise network that stretches coast to coast through 32 states and the District of
Columbia. The franchise network includes approximately 5,700 banking centers, 17,250
ATMs, nationwide call centers, and online and mobile platforms. CBB operates primarily
through BANA and FIA.

Consumer Real Estate Services (“CRES”)

CRES operations include Home Loans and Legacy Assets and Servicing. CRES
provides an extensive line of consumer real estate products and services to customers
in the U.S. CRES products offered by Home Loans include fixed- and adjustable-rate
first-lien mortgage loans for home purchase and refinancing needs, home equity lines of
credit and home equity loans. CRES operates primarily through BANA, while Legacy
Assets and Servicing also has certain operations in legacy Countrywide entities.

Global Banking

Global Banking, which includes Global Corporate and Commercial Banking and
Investment Banking, provides a wide range of lending-related products and services,
integrated working capital management and treasury solutions to clients through the
Company’s network of offices and client relationship teams along with various product
partners. Global Banking lending products and services include commercial loans,
leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, real estate lending, asset-based lending
and indirect consumer loans.

Global Banking’s treasury solutions business within Global Corporate and Commercial
Banking includes treasury management, foreign exchange and short-term investing
options and operates primarily through BANA. Global Banking also provides investment
banking products such as debt and equity underwriting, merger-related and other
advisory services and operates primarily through licensed broker-dealer subsidiaries
such as MLPFS and MLI.


                                                                                  Page 10
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Global Markets

Global Markets offers sales and trading services, including research, to institutional
clients across fixed-income, credit, currency, commodity and equity businesses. Global
Markets product coverage includes securities and derivative products in both the
primary and secondary markets. Global Markets provides market-making, financing,
securities clearing, settlement and custody services globally to institutional investor
clients in support of their investing and trading activities. Global Markets also works with
commercial and corporate clients to provide risk management products using interest
rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreign exchange, fixed-income
and mortgage-related products. Global Markets operates primarily through BANA,
MLPFS, MLIB and MLI.

Global Wealth and Investment Management (“GWIM”)

GWIM consists of two primary businesses: Merrill Lynch Global Wealth Management
(MLGWM) and U.S. Trust, Bank of America Private Wealth Management (U.S. Trust).

MLGWM’s advisory business provides a high-touch client experience through a network
of more than 17,000 financial advisors focused on clients with over $250,000 in total
investable assets. MLGWM provides tailored solutions to meet clients’ needs through a
full set of brokerage, banking and retirement products in both domestic and international
locations. MLGWM also includes the Retirement Services business.

U.S. Trust, together with MLGWM’s Private Banking and Investments Group, provides
comprehensive wealth management solutions targeted to wealthy and ultra-wealthy
clients with investable assets of more than $5 million, as well as customized solutions to
meet clients’ wealth structuring, investment management, trust and banking needs,
including specialty asset management services. GWIM operates primarily through
BANA and MLPFS.




                                                                                    Page 11
                      Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


III. Summary Financial Information Regarding Assets, Liabilities,
Capital and Major Funding Sources
Bank of America Corporation

Bank of America’s Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
include detailed financial reporting. The following chart summarizes the balance sheet
and capital position for Bank of America Corporation as of March 31, 2012.

Bank of America Corporation
Consolidated Balance Sheet - March 31, 2012
($ in millions)

Assets                                                Liabilities
  Cash and cash equivalents             $ 128,792        Deposits                                    $ 1,041,311
  Time deposits placed and other           20,479        Federal funds purchased and securities          258,491
  short-term investments                                 loaned or sold under agreements to
                                                         repurchase
  Federal funds sold and securities        225,784       Trading account liabilities                        70,414
  borrowed or purchased under
  agreements to resell
  Trading account assets                   209,775      Derivative liabilities                              49,172
  Derivative assets                         59,051      Commercial paper and other short-term               39,254
                                                        borrowings
  Debt securities                          331,245      Accrued expenses and other liabilities          135,396
  Total consumer loans                     589,416
  Total commercial loans                   312,878      Long-term debt                                  354,912
  Total loans and leases                   902,294      Total liabilities                              1,948,950
  Allowance for loan and lease losses      (32,211)            Shareholders’ equity                      232,499
  Total loans and leases net of            870,083      Total liabilities and shareholders’          $ 2,181,449
  allowance                                             equity
  Premises and equipment, net               13,104
  Mortgage servicing rights                  7,723
  Goodwill                                  69,976    Regulatory capital ratios
  Intangible assets                           7,696     Tier 1 common capital ratio                      10.78%
  Loans held-for-sale                        12,973     Tier 1 capital ratio                             13.37%
  Customer and other receivables             74,358     Total capital ratio                              17.49%
  Other assets                              150,410     Tier 1 leverage ratio                             7.79%
  Total assets                          $ 2,181,449




                                                                                                  Page 12
                        Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Bank of America, N.A.

The following chart summarizes the assets, liabilities, and capital position for BANA as
of March 31, 2012. The information below is based on internal general ledger data and
does not reflect certain post-closing and re-class entries made as part of BANA’s
regulatory filings. For additional information, please refer to BANA’s call reports as filed.

Bank of America, N.A.
Consolidated Balance Sheet - March 31, 2012
($ in millions)
Assets                                           Liabilities
  Cash and cash equivalents        $ 105,114        Deposits                     $ 1,087,194
  Time deposits placed and other      35,717        Federal funds purchased           51,498
  short-term investments                            and securities loaned or
                                                    sold under agreements to
                                                    repurchase
  Federal funds sold and               15,253      Trading account liabilities       10,911
  securities borrowed or
  purchased under agreements
  to resell
                                                   Derivative liabilities            24,683

  Trading account assets               43,794      Commercial paper and              22,765
                                                   other short-term borrowings
  Derivative assets                    29,839
  Debt securities                     320,698      Accrued expenses and              26,654
                                                   other liabilities
  Total consumer loans                419,113      Long-term debt                    47,779
  Total commercial loans              296,835      Total liabilities              1,271,484
  Total loans and leases              715,948      Shareholders' equity              175,945
  Allowance for loan and lease        (23,304)     Total liabilities and         $ 1,447,428
  losses                                           shareholders' equity
  Total loans and leases net of       692,644
  allowance
  Premises and equipment, net          10,444

  Mortgage servicing rights             7,790    Regulatory capital ratios
  Goodwill                             57,227      Tier 1 capital ratio             12.28%
  Intangible assets                       877      Total capital ratio              15.78%
  Loans held-for-sale                   9,060      Tier 1 leverage ratio             8.57%
  Customer and other                   45,775
  receivables
  Other assets                          73,195
  Total assets                     $ 1,447,428




                                                                                               Page 13
                        Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


FIA Card Services, N.A.

The following chart summarizes the assets, liabilities and capital position for FIA as of
March 31, 2012. The information below is based on internal general ledger data and
does not reflect certain post-closing and re-class entries made as part of FIA’s
regulatory filings. For additional information please refer to FIA’s call reports as filed.

FIA Card Services, N.A.
Consolidated Balance Sheet – March 31, 2012
($ in millions)

Assets                                               Liabilities
  Cash and cash equivalents            $     6,197      Deposits                              $   101,237
  Time deposits placed and other            21,588
  short-term investments
  Derivative assets                            443      Commercial paper and
  Debt securities                            3,339      other short-term borrowings                   853
                                                        Accrued expenses and other                  6,657
  Total consumer loans                     117,723      liabilities
  Total commercial loans                    10,108
  Total loans and leases                   127,831      Long-term debt                             30,092
  Allowance for loan and lease             (7,791)      Total liabilities                         138,839
  losses
  Total loans and leases net of            120,040      Shareholders' equity                       22,000
  allowance
  Premises and equipment, net                 419       Total liabilities and shareholders'   $   160,839
                                                        equity
  Mortgage servicing rights                      -
  Goodwill                                       -   Regulatory capital ratios
  Intangible assets                          3,079      Tier 1 capital ratio                      17.00%
  Loans held-for-sale                          864      Total capital ratio                       18.38%
  Customer and other                           880      Tier 1 leverage ratio                     13.87%
  receivables
  Other assets                               3,991
  Total assets                     $       160,839




                                                                                                  Page 14
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Capital

Bank of America manages its capital position to ensure capital is sufficient to support its
business activities and that capital, risk and risk appetite are commensurate with one
another, ensure safety and soundness under adverse scenarios, take advantage of
growth and strategic opportunities, maintain ready access to financial markets, remain a
source of strength for its subsidiaries and satisfy current and future regulatory capital
requirements.

To determine the appropriate level of capital, the Company assesses the results of its
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process (―ICAAP‖), the current economic and
market environment, and feedback from investors, regulators, and rating agencies.
Based upon this analysis, the Company sets capital guidelines for Tier 1 common
capital and Tier 1 capital to ensure it can maintain an adequate capital position in a
severe adverse economic scenario. The Company also tries to maintain capital in
excess of the capital required per its economic capital measurement process.
Management and the Company’s Board of Directors (the ―Board‖) annually approve a
comprehensive Capital Plan which documents the ICAAP and related results, analysis
and support for the capital guidelines, and planned capital actions and capital adequacy
assessment.

The ICAAP incorporates capital forecasts, stress test results, economic capital,
qualitative risk assessments and assessment of regulatory changes. The Company
generates monthly regulatory capital and economic capital forecasts that are aligned to
the most recent earnings, balance sheet and risk forecasts. The Company utilizes
quarterly stress tests to assess the potential impacts to the balance sheet, earnings,
capital and liquidity for a variety of economic stress scenarios. The Company performs
qualitative risk assessments to identify and assess material risks not fully captured in
the forecasts, stress tests or economic capital. Given the significant proposed regulatory
capital changes, the Company also regularly assesses the potential capital impacts and
monitors associated mitigation actions. Management continuously assesses ICAAP
results and provides documented quarterly assessments of the adequacy of the capital
position to the Board or its committees.

Capital management is integrated into the risk and governance processes, as capital is
a key consideration in the development of the strategic plan, risk appetite and risk limits.
Economic capital is allocated to each business unit and used to perform risk-adjusted
return analysis at the business unit, client relationship and transaction levels.

Regulatory Capital

As a financial services holding company, Bank of America is subject to the risk-based
capital guidelines (Basel I) issued by federal banking regulators. Under these
guidelines, the Corporation and its affiliated banking entities measure capital adequacy
based on Tier 1 common capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital (Tier 1 plus Tier 2
capital). Capital ratios are calculated by dividing each capital amount by risk-weighted
assets. Additionally, Tier 1 capital is divided by adjusted quarterly average total assets
to derive the Tier 1 leverage ratio.

                                                                                    Page 15
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



Tier 1 capital is calculated as the sum of ―core capital elements.‖ The predominate
components of core capital elements are qualifying common stockholders’ equity and
qualifying noncumulative perpetual preferred stock. Also included in Tier 1 capital are
qualifying trust-preferred securities (―Trust Securities‖), hybrid securities and qualifying
non-controlling interest in subsidiaries which are subject to the rules governing
―restricted core capital elements.‖ Goodwill, other disallowed intangible assets,
disallowed deferred tax assets and the cumulative changes in fair value of all financial
liabilities accounted for under the fair value option that are included in retained earnings
and are attributable to changes in the Company’s own creditworthiness are deducted
from the sum of the core capital elements. Total capital is Tier 1 plus supplementary
Tier 2 capital elements such as qualifying subordinated debt, a limited portion of the
allowance for loan and lease losses, and a portion of net unrealized gains on Available
For Sale marketable equity securities. Tier 1 common capital is not an official regulatory
ratio, but was introduced by the Federal Reserve during the Supervisory Capital
Assessment Program in 2009. Tier 1 common capital is Tier 1 capital less preferred
stock, Trust Securities, hybrid securities and qualifying non-controlling interest in
subsidiaries.

Risk-weighted assets are calculated for credit risk for all on- and off-balance sheet
credit exposures and for market risk on trading assets and liabilities, including derivative
exposures. Credit risk risk-weighted assets are calculated by assigning a prescribed risk
weight to all on-balance sheet assets and to the credit equivalent amount of certain off-
balance sheet exposures. The risk weight is defined in the regulatory rules based upon
the obligor or guarantor type and collateral if applicable. Off-balance sheet exposures
include financial guarantees, unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit and
derivatives. Market risk-weighted assets are calculated using risk models for the trading
account positions, including all foreign exchange and commodity positions regardless of
the applicable accounting guidance. Under Basel I there are no risk-weighted assets
calculated for operational risk. Any assets that are a direct deduction from the
computation of capital are excluded from risk-weighted assets and adjusted average
total assets consistent with regulatory guidance.

The Company manages regulatory capital to adhere to regulatory standards of capital
adequacy based on its current understanding of the rules and the application of such
rules to its business as currently conducted. The regulatory capital rules as written by
the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (―Basel Committee‖) continue to evolve.

Bank of America currently measures and reports capital ratios and related information in
accordance with Basel I. Basel I has been subject to revisions, which include final Basel
II rules (―Basel II‖) published in December 2007 by U.S banking regulators and
proposed Basel III rules (―Basel III‖) published by the Basel Committee in December
2010, and further amended in July 2011. Bank of America is currently in the Basel II
parallel period. The Company continues to evaluate the capital impact of the proposed
rules and currently anticipates that it will be in compliance with any final rules by the
projected implementation date in late 2012.



                                                                                     Page 16
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Economic Capital

The economic capital measurement process provides a risk-based measurement of the
capital required for unexpected credit, market and operational losses over a one-year
time horizon at a 99.97 percent confidence level. Economic capital is allocated to each
business unit based upon its risk positions and contribution to enterprise risk, and is
used for capital adequacy, performance measurement and risk management purposes.
The strategic planning process utilizes economic capital with the goal of allocating risk
appropriately and measuring returns consistently across all businesses and activities.
Economic capital allocation plans are incorporated into the Corporation’s financial plan
which is approved by the Board on an annual basis.

Economic capital for credit risk captures two types of risks: default risk, which
represents the loss of principal due to outright default or the borrower’s inability to repay
an obligation in full, and migration risk, which represents potential loss in market value
due to credit deterioration over the one-year capital time horizon. Credit risk is assessed
and modeled for all on- and off-balance sheet credit exposures within sub-categories for
commercial, retail, counterparty and investment securities. The economic capital
methodology captures dimensions such as concentration and country risk and
originated securitizations. The economic capital methodology is based on the probability
of default, loss given default, exposure at default and maturity for each credit exposure,
and the portfolio correlations across exposures.

Market risk reflects the potential loss in the value of financial instruments or portfolios
due to movements in interest and currency exchange rates, equity and futures prices,
the implied volatility of interest rates, credit spreads and other economic and business
factors. Bank of America’s primary market risk exposures are in its trading portfolio,
equity investments, mortgage servicing rights (―MSRs‖) and the interest rate exposure
of its core balance sheet. Economic capital is determined by utilizing the same models
the Corporation uses to manage these risks including, for example, Value-at-Risk
(―VaR‖), simulation, stress testing and scenario analysis.

Bank of America calculates operational risk capital at the business unit level using
actuarial-based models and historical loss data. The Company supplements the
calculations with scenario analysis and risk control assessments.

Liquidity and Major Funding Sources

Bank of America’s primary liquidity objective is to ensure adequate funding for its
businesses throughout market cycles, including periods of financial stress. To achieve
that objective, the Company analyzes and monitors liquidity risk to maintain excess
liquidity and access diverse funding sources including the Company’s stable deposit
base. The Company defines excess liquidity as readily available assets, limited to cash
and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities that it can use to meet funding
requirements as those obligations arise. The Company believes that a centralized
approach to funding and liquidity risk management enhances its ability to monitor
liquidity requirements, maximizes access to funding sources, minimizes borrowing costs
and facilitates timely responses to liquidity events.

                                                                                     Page 17
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



Bank of America maintains excess liquidity at the Parent and selected subsidiaries in
the form of cash and high-quality, liquid, unencumbered securities. These assets, which
are labeled Global Excess Liquidity Sources, serve as the primary means of liquidity risk
mitigation. Cash is primarily on deposit with central banks, such as the Federal
Reserve. The Company limits the composition of high-quality, liquid, unencumbered
securities to U.S. government securities, U.S. agency securities, U.S. agency mortgage-
backed securities and a select group of non-U.S. government and supranational
securities.

The Company believes that it could quickly obtain cash for these securities, even in
stressed market conditions, through repurchase agreements or outright sales. The
Global Excess Liquidity Sources are held in entities that allow the Company to meet the
liquidity requirements of its global businesses, and Bank of America considers the
impact of potential regulatory, tax, legal and other restrictions that could limit the
transferability of funds among entities.

In addition to serving as a source of liquidity, these securities and cash deposits may
also be utilized in the Company’s asset and liability management activities. Interest rate
risk is an inherent part of the Company’s core banking business. Bank of America
measures interest rate risk as the potential volatility in core net interest income caused
by changes in market interest rates. The Company’s overall goal is to manage interest
rate risk so that movements in interest rates do not adversely affect core net interest
income and capital. As part of the Company’s asset and liability management activities,
Bank of America manages this interest rate sensitivity with a securities and residential
mortgage portfolio in conjunction with interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives.
Derivative activity is generally restricted to widely traded vanilla instruments including
interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forwards. The Company uses these
derivatives to hedge variability in expected cash flows or changes in fair value on the
balance sheet due to interest rate and foreign exchange fluctuations. The Company
does not currently use credit derivatives or macro credit-hedging strategies in its
Corporate Investments Group activities.




                                                                                   Page 18
                    Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Global Excess Liquidity Sources totaled $406 billion at March 31, 2012. Global Excess
Liquidity Sources available to the Parent at March 31, 2012 totaled $129 billion.
Typically, Parent cash is deposited overnight with BANA.

Global Excess Liquidity Sources
($ in billions)                                     March 31,      December 31,
                                                        2012              2011

Parent company                                         $ 129               $ 125
Bank subsidiaries                                        250                 222
Broker-dealers                                            27                  31

Total Global Excess Liquidity Sources                  $ 406               $ 378




Composition of Global Excess Liquidity Sources
($ in billions)                                     March 31,       December 31,
                                                        2012               2011

Cash on deposit                                         $ 88                 $ 79
U.S. treasuries                                           41                   48
U.S. agency securities and mortgage-backed               254                  228
securities
Non-U.S. government and supranational securities          23                   23

Total Global Excess Liquidity Sources                   $ 406               $ 378

The Company uses a variety of metrics to determine the appropriate amounts of excess
liquidity to maintain at the Parent and the bank and broker-dealer subsidiaries. One
metric the Company uses to evaluate the appropriate level of excess liquidity at the
Parent is ―time-to-required funding.‖ This debt coverage measure indicates the number
of months that the Parent can continue to meet its unsecured contractual obligations as
they come due using only its Global Excess Liquidity Sources without issuing any new
debt or accessing any additional liquidity sources. Bank of America defines unsecured
contractual obligations for purposes of this metric as maturities of senior or
subordinated debt issued or guaranteed by the Parent or MLCO. The Corporation has
established a target minimum for time-to-required funding of 21 months. Time-to-
required funding was 31 months at March 31, 2012.

Bank of America utilizes liquidity stress models to assist in determining the appropriate
amounts of excess liquidity to maintain at the Parent and the bank and broker-dealer
subsidiaries. These models are risk sensitive and important in analyzing potential
contractual and contingent cash outflows beyond those outflows considered in the time-
to-required funding analysis. The Company evaluates the liquidity requirements under a
range of scenarios with varying levels of severity and time horizons. These scenarios
incorporate marketwide and Corporation-specific events, including potential credit
ratings downgrades for the Parent and its subsidiaries. Bank of America considers and
utilizes scenarios, including potential credit rating downgrades based on historical
experience, regulatory guidance, and both expected and unexpected future events.

                                                                                    Page 19
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Major Funding Sources

Bank of America funds its assets primarily with a mix of deposits and secured and
unsecured liabilities through a globally coordinated funding strategy. The Company
diversifies funding globally across products, programs, markets, currencies and investor
groups and funds a substantial portion of its lending activities through deposits, which
are diversified by clients, product type and geography. The Company considers a
substantial portion of its deposits to be a stable, low-cost and consistent source of
funding. Bank of America believes this deposit funding is generally less sensitive to
interest rate changes, market volatility or changes in credit ratings than wholesale
funding sources. Lending activities may also be financed through secured borrowings,
including securitizations with government-sponsored enterprises, (―GSEs‖), the Federal
Housing Administration and private-label investors, as well as Federal Home Loan Bank
loans.

Trading activities in broker-dealer subsidiaries are primarily funded on a secured basis
through securities lending and repurchase agreements, and these amounts will vary
based on customer activity and market conditions. The Company believes funding these
activities in the secured financing markets is more cost-efficient and less sensitive to
changes in credit ratings than unsecured financing. Repurchase agreements are
generally short-term and often overnight. Disruptions in secured financing markets for
financial institutions have occurred in prior market cycles which resulted in adverse
changes in terms or significant reductions in the availability of such financing. The
Company manages the liquidity risks arising from secured funding by sourcing funding
globally from a diverse group of counterparties, providing a range of securities collateral
and pursuing longer durations, when appropriate.

The Company’s U.S. bank subsidiaries can access contingency funding through the
Federal Reserve’s Discount Window. Certain non-U.S. subsidiaries have access to
central bank facilities in the jurisdictions in which they operate. While the Company does
not rely on these sources in its liquidity modeling, it maintains the policies, procedures
and governance processes that would enable it to access these sources if necessary.

Additional information on liquidity sources can be found in the Bank of America 2011
Annual Report on Form 10-K.




                                                                                   Page 20
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


IV. Description of Derivatives and Hedging Activities
Derivatives are entered into on behalf of customers, for trading, and as economic
hedges or as qualifying accounting hedges. Derivatives utilized by the Corporation
include swaps, financial futures and forward settlement contracts, and option contracts.
A swap agreement is a contract between two parties to exchange cash flows based on
specified underlying notional amounts, assets and/or indices. Financial futures and
forward settlement contracts are agreements to buy or sell a quantity of a financial
instrument, index, currency or commodity at a predetermined future date, and rate or
price. An option contract is an agreement that conveys to the purchaser the right, but
not the obligation, to buy or sell a quantity of a financial instrument (including another
derivative financial instrument), index, currency or commodity at a predetermined rate or
price during a period or at a date in the future. Option agreements can be transacted on
organized exchanges or directly between parties.

Valuations of derivative assets and liabilities reflect the value of the instrument including
counterparty credit risk. These values also take into account the credit standing of Bank
of America’s legal entities, thus including in the valuation of the derivative instrument the
value of the net credit differential between the counterparties to the derivative contract.

The Company utilizes derivatives to hedge long-term debt. Hedges are transacted with
BANA as the counterparty to certain Bank of America legal entities, including the
Corporation, and BANA then offsets the derivative with third-party counterparties.

BANA uses derivatives to hedge interest rate, foreign exchange and other risks.

Derivative transactions are not a significant part of FIA’s operations.

Derivatives utilized for customers and for trading are transacted through multiple
entities, including but not limited to BANA, MLPFS, MLIB and MLI.

The following tables identify derivative instruments included on the Corporation’s
Consolidated Balance Sheet in derivative assets and liabilities at March 31, 2012 and
December 31, 2011. Balances are presented on a gross basis, prior to the application of
counterparty and collateral netting. Total derivative assets and liabilities are adjusted on
an aggregate basis to take into consideration the effects of legally enforceable master
netting agreements and have been reduced by the cash collateral applied.




                                                                                     Page 21
                          Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Bank of America Derivative Balances
                                                                        March 31, 2012
                                                 Gross Derivative Assets                      Gross Derivative Liabilities
(Dollars in billions)      Contract/       Trading      Qualifying         Total        Trading          Qualifying      Total
                           Notional1      Derivatives   Accounting                     Derivatives       Accounting
                                             and                                          and
                                          Economic                                     Economic
Interest rate contracts
Swaps                        38,841.5         1,169.5            13.8       1,183.3        1,150.9               8.8         1,159.7
Futures and forwards         12,811.8             3.4                           3.4                3.7                           3.7
Written options                 2,440.8                                                      105.2                            105.2
Purchased options               2,374.5        107.9                          107.9
Foreign exchange contracts
Swaps                           2,441.3          46.5             2.2          48.7               54.1           1.7           55.8
Spot, futures and               2,902.4          27.3             0.4          27.7               28.5           0.6           29.1
forwards
Written options                  405.7                                                             7.9                           7.9
Purchased options                370.2            7.5                           7.5
Equity contracts
Swaps                            103.7            2.0                           2.0                1.8                           1.8
Futures and forwards              58.0            1.5                           1.5                1.5                           1.5
Written options                  297.5                                                            20.3                         20.3
Purchased options                295.3           21.1                          21.1
Commodity contracts
Swaps                             78.1            4.8             0.1           4.9                5.6                           5.6
Futures and forwards             614.7            5.7                           5.7                3.4                           3.4
Written options                  163.2                                                            10.9                         10.9
Purchased options                161.7           10.8                          10.8
Credit derivatives
Purchased credit
derivatives:
Credit default swaps            1,747.7          56.8                          56.8               19.4                         19.4
Total return                      22.2            1.4                           1.4                0.9                           0.9
swaps/other
Written credit
derivatives:
Credit default swaps            1,685.4          19.6                          19.6               52.8                         52.8
Total return                     39.1             0.3                           0.3                0.2                           0.2
swaps/other
Gross derivative assets/liabilities           1,486.1            16.5       1,502.6        1,467.1              11.1         1,478.2

Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements                       (1,382.9)                                     (1,382.9)
Less: Cash collateral applied                                                (60.6)                                           (46.1)
Total derivative assets/liabilities                                            59.1                                            49.2

1
Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.




                                                                                                                         Page 22
                                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


        Bank of America Derivative Balances (continued)
                                                                              December 31, 2011
                                                           Gross Derivative Assets                     Gross Derivative Liabilities
                                                    Trading                                        Trading
                                 Contract          Derivatives                                    Derivatives
                                     /                and            Qualifying                      and         Qualifying
                                 Notional          Economic         Accounting                    Economic      Accounting
(Dollars in billions)                   1
                                                    Hedges            Hedges            Total      Hedges         Hedges2           Total
Interest rate contracts
Swaps                           40,473.7                1,490.7             15.9      1,506.6         1,473.0            12.3      1,485.3
Futures and forwards            12,105.8                    2.9               0.2          3.1            3.4                          3.4
Written options                   2,534.0                                                               117.8                       117.8
Purchased options                 2,467.2                 120.0                         120.0
Foreign exchange contracts
Swaps                                 2,381.6               48.3               2.6         50.9           58.9              2.2        61.1
Spot, futures and forwards            2,548.8               37.2               1.3         38.5           39.2              0.3        39.5
Written options                        368.5                                                               9.4                          9.4
Purchased options                      341.0                 9.0                            9.0
Equity contracts
Swaps                                       75.5             1.5                            1.5            1.7                          1.7
Futures and forwards                        52.1             1.8                            1.8            1.5                          1.5
Written options                        367.1                                                              17.7                         17.7
Purchased options                      360.2                19.6                           19.6
Commodity contracts
Swaps                                       73.8             4.9               0.1          5.0            5.9                          5.9
Futures and forwards                   470.5                 5.3                            5.3            3.2                          3.2
Written options                        142.3                                                               9.5                          9.5
Purchased options                      141.3                 9.5                            9.5
Credit derivatives
Purchased credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps                  1,944.8               95.8                           95.8           13.8                         13.8
Total return swaps/other                    17.5             0.6                            0.6            0.3                          0.3
Written credit derivatives:
Credit default swaps                  1,885.9               14.1                           14.1           90.5                         90.5
Total return swaps/other                    17.8             0.5                            0.5            0.7                          0.7
Gross derivative assets/liabilities                      1,861.7              20.1     1,881.8         1,846.5            14.8      1,861.3
                                                                                                                                   (1,749.9
Less: Legally enforceable master netting agreements                                   (1,749.9)                                           )
Less: Cash collateral applied                                                            (58.9)                                      (51.9)
Total derivative assets/liabilities                                                        73.0                                        59.5
1
Represents the total contract/notional amount of derivative assets and liabilities outstanding.
2
Excludes $191 million of long-term debt designated as a hedge for foreign currency risk.




                                                                                                                                  Page 23
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



Asset Liability Management (“ALM”) and Risk Management Derivatives

The Corporation’s ALM and risk management activities include the use of derivatives to
mitigate risk to the Corporation including derivatives designated as qualifying
accounting hedges and economic hedges.

The Corporation maintains an overall interest rate risk management strategy that
incorporates the use of interest rate contracts, which are generally non-leveraged
generic interest rate and basis swaps, options, futures and forwards, to minimize
significant fluctuations in earnings that are caused by interest rate volatility. The
Corporation’s goal is to manage interest rate sensitivity and volatility so that movements
in interest rates do not significantly adversely affect earnings or capital. As a result of
interest rate fluctuations, hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities appreciate or
depreciate in fair value. Gains or losses on the derivative instruments that are linked to
the hedged fixed-rate assets and liabilities are expected to substantially offset this
unrealized appreciation or depreciation.

Interest rate and market risk can be substantial in the mortgage business. Market risk is
the risk that values of mortgage assets or revenues will be adversely affected by
changes in market conditions such as interest rate movements. To hedge interest rate
risk in mortgage banking production income, the Corporation utilizes forward loan sale
commitments and other derivative instruments including purchased options and certain
debt securities. The Corporation also utilizes derivatives such as interest rate options,
interest rate swaps, forward settlement contracts and Eurodollar futures as economic
hedges of the fair value of MSRs.

The Corporation uses foreign currency contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk
associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as
the Corporation’s investments in non-U.S. subsidiaries. Foreign exchange contracts,
which include spot and forward contracts, represent agreements to exchange the
currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on
an agreed-upon settlement date. Exposure to loss on these contracts will increase or
decrease over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates fluctuate.

Non-derivative commodity contracts and physical inventories of commodities expose
the Corporation to earnings volatility. The Corporation enters into derivative commodity
contracts such as futures, swaps, options and forwards as well as non-derivative
commodity contracts to provide price risk management services to customers or to
manage price risk associated with its physical and financial commodity positions.

The Corporation purchases credit derivatives to manage credit risk related to certain
funded and unfunded credit exposures. Credit derivatives include credit default swaps
(―CDS‖), total return swaps and options. These derivatives are accounted for as
economic hedges and changes in fair value are recorded in other income (loss).




                                                                                    Page 24
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Additional information can be found on pages 10 and 11 of the Consolidated Financial
Statements filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Corporation's Current Report on Form 8-K filed
on May 4, 2012.




                                                                                 Page 25
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


V. Memberships in Material Payment, Clearing and Settlement
Systems
As an essential part of engaging in the financial services industry and serving
customers and clients, Bank of America participates in payment, clearing and
settlement systems, also known as Financial Market Utilities (―FMUs‖), to conduct
financial transactions in a global economy.

These systems allow Bank of America to provide payment services to customers and
clients, to serve as a broker-dealer for securities transactions and to engage in
derivatives transactions as needed to manage risk, secure funding and meet the needs
of customers and clients.

"Membership" means that Bank of America legal entities have direct access to certain
FMUs to serve its customers and clients around the globe. Examples of these systems
include the following:

Clearing House Automated Payment System

The Clearing House Automated Payment System (―CHAPS‖) is the U.K.'s interbank
payment system for large value sterling payments. CHAPS is operated by CHAPS
Clearing Company Limited (―CHAPS Co‖). For its normal operation, CHAPS depends
on the real-time gross settlement (―RTGS‖) IT infrastructure of the Bank of England
(―BoE‖).

Clearing House Interbank Payments System

Clearing House Interbank Payments System (―CHIPS‖), a U.S. payments system, is a
service of The Clearing House Payments Company L.L.C. (―The Clearing House‖)
which, in turn, is owned by the world’s largest commercial banks. CHIPS is a large-
value wire transfer payment system with real-time final settlement of payments.
Payments become final on completion of settlement, which occurs throughout the day.
CHIPS processes a large proportion of U.S. dollar cross-border payments and an
increasing volume of U.S. domestic payments.

Continuous Linked Settlement

CLS Bank International (―CLS Bank‖) is a multi-currency cash settlement system.
Through its CLS Settlement platform, CLS Bank settles payment instructions related to
trades in foreign exchange (―FX‖) spot contracts, FX forwards, FX options, FX swaps,
non-deliverable forwards, credit derivatives and 17 major currencies. CLS Bank’s parent
company, CLS Group Holdings AG, is a Swiss company that owns CLS U.K.
Intermediate Holdings, Ltd., which in turn owns CLS Bank and CLS Services Ltd., a
company organized under the laws of England that provides technical and operational
support to CLS Bank. As an Edge Act corporation, CLS Bank is regulated and
supervised in the U.S. by the Federal Reserve. In the United Kingdom, HM Treasury
has specified CLS Bank as a recognized payment system, and it is subject to regulation
by the BoE. CLS is a ―user-owned‖ financial market utility used to mitigate settlement
                                                                                Page 26
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


risk through a combination of payment versus payment in central bank money,
multilateral payment netting, and a standard legal framework.

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group Clearing

Chicago Mercantile Exchange Group (―CME‖) provides clearing and settlement services
for futures, options, and over-the-counter derivatives products. These clearing and
settlement services are provided by the CME Clearing division of CME’s wholly owned
subsidiary, Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. CME Clearing clears and settles futures
and options contracts traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and five other
futures and options exchanges: Board of Trade of the City of Chicago, Inc., New York
Mercantile Exchange, Inc., Commodity Exchange, Inc., the Dubai Mercantile Exchange
and the Global Emissions Exchange. CME Clearing backs the clearing and settlement
services for over-the-counter derivatives transactions, provided through CME’s
ClearPort platform. CME wholly owns CME Clearing Europe Limited, which was
established in 2011 and began providing clearing services for various over-the-counter
derivatives in Europe.

The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation

The Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation (―DTCC‖) operates through 10
subsidiaries. Specifically, The Depository Trust Company (―DTC‖) is a central securities
depository providing depository and book-entry services for eligible securities and other
financial assets to its participants, which are principally banks and broker-dealers. The
National Securities Clearing Corporation (―NSCC‖) provides clearing, settlement, risk
management, central counterparty services and a guarantee of completion for certain
transactions for virtually all broker-to-broker trades involving equities, corporate and
municipal debt, American depositary receipts, exchange-traded funds and
unit investment trusts. The Fixed Income Clearing Corporation (―FICC‖), a U.S.
securities clearing agency is owned by its users, including major banks, broker-dealers
and other financial institutions. FICC operates two divisions, the Government Securities
Division (―GSD‖) and the Mortgage-Backed Securities Division (―MBSD‖). Each division
offers services to its own members pursuant to separate rules and procedures.

Electronic Payment Network

Electronic Payments Network (―EPN‖) is an electronic payment system providing
automated clearing house (―ACH‖) services that is owned and operated by The Clearing
House. The ACH system facilitates exchanges of batched debit and credit payments
among business, consumer and government accounts. The system processes pre-
authorized recurring payments such as payroll, Social Security, mortgage and utility
payments and non-recurring payments such as telephone-initiated payments and the
conversion of checks into ACH payments at lockboxes and points of sale. It also
processes inbound and outbound cross-border ACH payments through foreign gateway
operators.




                                                                                  Page 27
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Eurex Clearing AG

Eurex Clearing AG (―ECAG‖) is a central counterparty ("CCP") organized under the laws
of Germany. ECAG is the CCP of EUREX. ECAG provides central counterparty clearing
services for derivatives traded on the EUREX, EUREX Bonds (a fixed income trading
platform), EUREX Repo (a trading platform for repo), Frankfurt Stock Exchange and
Irish Stock Exchange.

Euroclear Bank

Euroclear Bank (―Euroclear‖) provides International Central Securities Depository
services and settlement services for cross-border transactions involving domestic and
international bonds, equities, derivatives, and investment funds. Euroclear is a primary
provider of settlement services for Eurobonds. The Euroclear group includes Euroclear
Belgium, Euroclear Finland, Euroclear France, Euroclear Nederland, Euroclear Sweden
and Euroclear U.K. & Ireland, which provides settlement services in their respective
local markets. Euroclear also provides related banking services to its settlement
participants.

FedACH Services

FedACH Services (―FedACH‖) is an electronic payment system providing ACH services
that is owned and operated by the Federal Reserve. The ACH system exchanges
batched debit and credit payments among business, consumer and government
accounts. The system processes pre-authorized recurring payments such as payroll,
Social Security, mortgage and utility payments and non-recurring payments such as
telephone-initiated payments and the conversion of checks into ACH payments at
lockboxes and points of sale. It also processes outbound cross-border ACH payments
through the FedGlobal service.

Fedwire Funds Service/Fedwire Securities Service

Fedwire Funds Service (―Fedwire‖) is operated by the Federal Reserve and enables
financial institutions to electronically transfer funds between its more than 9,000
participants. Fedwire is the primary U.S. network for large value or time-critical domestic
and international payments, and it is designed to be highly resilient and redundant.
Fedwire is not managed for profit, but law mandates it charges small fees to recoup
costs. Both participants in a given transaction pay a small fee. Fedwire includes an
overdraft system for participants with approved accounts.

Fedwire Securities Service (―Fedwire Securities‖) is a national securities book entry
system that is owned and operated by the Federal Reserve. Fedwire Securities
conducts real-time transfers of securities and related funds on an individual and gross
basis. Fedwire Securities conducts issuance, transfer and settlement for all marketable
Treasury securities, for many federal government agency and GSE securities and for
certain international organizations’ securities. It also offers a safekeeping function
(electronic storage of securities holding records in custody accounts) and a transfer and


                                                                                   Page 28
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


settlement function (electronic transfer of securities between parties with or without a
settlement payment).

ICE Clear Credit LLC/ICE Clear Europe /ICE Clear U.S.

ICE Clear Credit LLC (―ICE Clear Credit‖) is a central clearing facility for North American
CDS. It is a subsidiary of ICE, which operates futures and options exchanges, trading
platforms, and clearing houses for global trading in commodities, currency, credit, and
equity indices. ICE is a publicly owned corporation, whose shares are listed on the New
York Stock Exchange.

ICE Clear Europe, a London-based clearing house, is a subsidiary of ICE. ICE operates
exchanges, trading platforms, and clearing houses for global trading in commodities,
currency, credit, and equity indices. ICE Clear Europe provides clearing and settlement
services for all futures and options trades on the ICE Futures Europe exchange, as well
as for over-the-counter swaps affected through ICE’s global OTC markets products.

ICE, a U.S. clearing and settlement agency, is a subsidiary of ICE Futures U.S. which,
in turn, is owned by Intercontinental Exchange. ICE operates futures and options
exchanges, trading platforms and clearing houses for global trading in commodities,
currency, credit, and equity indices. ICE Clear U.S. provides clearing and settlement
services for all futures and options traded on ICE’s New York-based ICE Futures U.S.
exchange. ICE Clear U.S. also provides clearing and settlement services for over-the-
counter derivatives transactions.

LCH.Clearnet Limited/LCH.Clearnet SA

LCH.Clearnet Limited (―LCH‖) is a CCP incorporated under the laws of England and
Wales. For U.K. regulatory purposes, LCH is a "recognized clearing house" under the
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000. It is regulated by the Financial Services
Authority (―FSA‖) and is also subject to the oversight of the BoE. LCH also is a
Derivatives Clearing Organization in the U.S. and is subject to Commodity Futures
Trading Commission rules and the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act. LCH is a wholly-
owned subsidiary of LCHClearnet Group Limited. The group is currently majority-owned
by its users.

LCH Clearnet SA is a central counterparty incorporated under the laws of France. LCH
Clearnet SA is an authorized credit institution in France (i.e., a bank) with branches in
Amsterdam and Brussels and a representative office in Portugal. LCH Clearnet SA is
also regulated in the U.K. by the FSA as a recognized overseas clearing house. LCH
Clearnet SA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of LCH Clearnet Group Limited. The group is
currently majority-owned by its users.

Options Clearing Corporation

Options Clearing Corporation (―OCC‖) is a U.S. futures and options clearing agency.
OCC is regulated as a clearing agency by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(―SEC‖) with respect to clearing and settlement services for put and call options on

                                                                                    Page 29
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


common stocks and other equity issues, stock indexes, foreign currencies, interest rate
composites and single-stock futures and by the Commodities Futures Trading
Commission with respect to clearing and settlement services for transactions in futures
and options on futures. In addition, OCC provides central counterparty clearing and
settlement services for securities lending transactions.

SWIFT

The Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication, Société Coopérative
à Responsabilité Limitée (limited co-operative society) (―SWIFT‖) is a member-owned
co-operative. SWIFT provides a telecommunication platform for the exchange of
standardized financial messages between financial institutions and corporations. SWIFT
is neither a payment system nor a settlement system though the SWIFT messaging
standard is used in many payment and settlement systems. SWIFT's customers include
banks, market infrastructures, broker-dealers, corporates, custodians, and investment
managers. SWIFT is subject to oversight by the central banks of the Group of Ten
countries.

TARGET2

The Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross settlement Express Transfer system
(―TARGET2‖) is the settlement system for cross-border payments in Euro. Participating
commercial banks access the TARGET2 system via the national central banks of
eurozone Member States. TARGET2 has to be used for all payments involving the
eurosystem, as well as for the settlement of operations of all large-value net settlement
systems and securities settlement systems handling the euro (e.g., Euro1). Payment
transactions are settled one by one on a continuous basis in central bank money with
immediate finality.




                                                                                   Page 30
                        Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


VI. Descriptions of Foreign Operations
Bank of America is a global company serving clients and customers in more than 150
countries and has relationships with 99 percent of the U.S. Fortune 500, nearly 96
percent of the Fortune Global 500 and 33 percent of the FTSE 100.

The Corporation’s banking and non-banking subsidiaries provide a diverse range of
financial services and products across EMEA, as well as Asia and Latin America. The
Company’s primary international objective is to be a global leader in corporate and
investment banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes serving
corporations, governments, investors, institutions and individuals around the world. In
addition, the Company provides credit cards in the United Kingdom and wealth
management services across countries in Europe, Asia and Latin America.

Of Bank of America’s approximately 282,000 employees as of December 31, 2011,
43,000 are employed outside of the United States. Bank of America has had a presence
in EMEA countries since 1922. Today, Bank of America has subsidiaries in 32 cities
across 23 countries in EMEA, and over 14,000 associates are based in EMEA
countries. Bank of America’s most significant international presence is in the United
Kingdom. In the Asia-Pacific region, Bank of America subsidiaries are active in 12
countries and territories.

At and for the year ended December 31, 2011, Bank of America had $272 billion of
assets and $20 billion of total revenue, net of interest expense outside the U.S. The
table below shows the Corporation’s assets, total revenues, and income by region.
                                                                                    1
                                   Performance by Geographical Area 2011

                                                                           Income (Loss)
                                                  Total Revenue,
    (Dollars in                                                            Before Income
                          Total Assets            Net of Interest                                 Net Income (Loss)
     millions)                                                                 Taxes
                                                     Expense

U.S.                         $ 1,856,654                  $ 73,613                 $ (9,261)                $ (3,471)

Asia2                              95,776                   10,890                      7,598                  4,787
Europe, Middle
                                 151,956                     7,320                      1,009                    (137)
East and Africa

Latin America
                                   24,660                    1,631                        424                     267
and the
Caribbean
Total Non-U.S.                   272,392                    19,841                      9,031                  4,917
Total
                             $ 2,129,046                  $ 93,454                      $ (230)              $ 1,446
Consolidated

1
 Source: Note 28 on page 125 of the Consolidated Financial Statements filed as Exhibit 99.2 to the Corporation's
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2012.
2
 Amounts include pretax gain of $6.5 billion ($4.1 billion net-of-tax) on the sale of a portion of the common shares of
the Corporation’s investment in China Construction Bank during 2011.


                                                                                                               Page 31
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan




Bank of America’s shares are listed on the New York, London, and Tokyo stock
exchanges. The Corporation had $355 billion of long-term debt outstanding as of March
31, 2012 denominated primarily in the following currencies: U.S. dollar, Australian
dollar, British pound, Canadian dollar, euro, Japanese yen, and Swiss franc.

BANA Foreign Operations

BANA operates overseas through branches and subsidiaries. BANA has 29 active non-
U.S. branches. These non-U.S. branches offer the following products and services:
cash management services – payments, deposits, overdrafts, advances; trade finance
services; lending, leasing, foreign currency and bank note services; and extended
custodial services and foreign exchange and derivatives products.

BANA also has international subsidiaries that are primarily Federal Reserve Regulation
K subsidiaries owned through BANA’s Edge and agreement corporation subsidiaries
and foreign banks. The Federal Reserve Regulation K subsidiaries are primarily used to
conduct commercial banking and other activities permissible under Regulation K.

FIA Foreign Operations

FIA’s operations are primarily located in the United States. FIA has no non-
U.S. branches and its primary international subsidiary is MBNA Europe Bank Limited, a
U.K. chartered credit card bank that itself has subsidiaries engaged primarily in
consumer banking activities and providing administrative services to the credit card
bank. FIA’s other foreign subsidiaries are primarily used for funding its foreign credit
card operations.




                                                                                  Page 32
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


VII. Material Supervisory Authorities
Bank of America Corporation is subject to the extensive regulatory framework
applicable to financial holding companies, bank-holding companies, banks and
securities firms. As a registered financial holding company and bank-holding company,
Bank of America Corporation is subject to the supervision of, and regular inspection by,
the Federal Reserve System. Bank of America Corporation and MLCO are subject to
applicable Securities and Exchange Commission (―SEC‖) SEC regulations and financial
filing requirements. BANA and FIA, which are the primary banking entities within the
Corporation, are subject to regulation, supervision and examination by the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency and the Federal Reserve. In addition, the Consumer
Financial Protection Bureau, which regulates consumer financial products and services,
supervises these entities.

Bank of America Corporation’s subsidiaries are also subject to various other laws and
regulations, as well as supervision and examination by other regulatory agencies, all of
which directly or indirectly affect its operations and management and its ability to make
distributions to stockholders. The U.S. broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to
regulation and supervision by the SEC, New York Stock Exchange and Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, with respect to their securities activities, and the U.S.
Commodities Futures Trading Commission, with respect to their U.S. futures activities.

Moreover, Bank of America’s non-U.S. businesses are also subject to extensive
regulation by various non-U.S. regulators, including governments, securities exchanges,
central banks and other regulatory bodies, in the jurisdictions in which those businesses
operate. BANA’s foreign branches are subject to regulation and supervision by local
regulatory authorities. The financial services operations in the United Kingdom,
including BANA’s London branch as well as non-bank legal entities in the United
Kingdom, are subject to regulation by and supervision of the Financial Services
Authority (the ―FSA‖). In July 2010, the United Kingdom proposed abolishing the FSA
and replacing it with the Financial Policy Committee within the Bank of England (―FPC‖)
and two new regulators, the Prudential Regulatory Authority and the Consumer
Protection and Markets Authority (―CPMA‖). Bank of America’s U.K. regulated entities
will be subject to the supervision of the FPC and the PRA for prudential matters and the
CPMA for conduct of business matters. The new financial regulatory structure is
intended to be in place by the end of 2012.

Additional information can be found in the ―Government Supervision and Regulation‖
section on pages 2-4 of the Bank of America 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K.




                                                                                   Page 33
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


VIII. Principal Officers
Bank of America Corporation Executive Management Team (*Executive Officers)

Brian T. Moynihan*            Terrence P. Laughlin*          Andrea B. Smith
Chief Executive Officer       Chief Risk Officer             Global Head of Human
                                                             Resources

Catherine P. Bessant          Gary G. Lynch*                 Ron D. Sturzenegger
Global Technology and         Global Chief of Legal,         Legacy Assets and Servicing
Operations Executive          Compliance and                 Executive
                              Regulatory Relations

David C. Darnell*             Thomas K. Montag*              Bruce R. Thompson*
Co-Chief Operating Officer    Co-Chief Operating Officer     Chief Financial Officer

Anne M. Finucane              Charles H. Noski
Global Strategy and           Vice Chairman
Marketing Officer

Christine P. Katziff          Edward P. O’Keefe*
Corporate General Auditor     General Counsel


BANA Officers

Brian T. Moynihan            Bruce R. Thompson             Edward P. O’Keefe
Chief Executive Officer,     Chief Financial Officer       General Counsel
President

Thomas K. Montag             Gary G. Lynch                 Lauren A. Mogensen
Co-Chief Operating Officer   Global Chief of Legal,        Corporate Secretary
                             Compliance and
                             Regulatory Relations

Terrence P. Laughlin         David C. Darnell              Neil A. Cotty
Chief Risk Officer           Co-Chief Operating Officer    Chief Accounting Officer




                                                                                Page 34
                Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


FIA Officers

Brian T. Moynihan         Bruce R. Thompson         Edward P. O’Keefe
Chief Executive Officer   Chief Financial Officer   General Counsel

Gary G. Lynch             Lauren A. Mogensen        Terrence P. Laughlin
Global Chief of Legal,    Corporate Secretary       Chief Risk Officer
Compliance and
Regulatory Relations

Susan R. Faulkner         Mark D. Linsz
Senior Vice President     Treasurer




                                                                        Page 35
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan




IX. Resolution Planning Corporate Governance Structure and
Processes Related to Resolution Planning
The Corporation is committed to maintaining strong, consistent risk management
practices. The Company takes a comprehensive approach to risk management and has
a defined Risk Framework and clearly articulated Risk Appetite which are approved
annually by the Board. Risk management planning is integrated with strategic, financial
and customer planning so that goals and responsibilities are aligned across the
organization. Risk is managed in a systematic manner by focusing on the Corporation
as a whole, as well as managing risk across the enterprise and within individual
business units. The Company maintains a governance structure that delineates the
responsibilities for risk management activities, as well as governance and oversight of
those activities.

The Corporation adopted a Risk Framework focused on the identification and
management of several categories of risk: strategic, credit, market, liquidity, operational,
compliance and reputational. Executive management develops the Corporation’s Risk
Framework, Risk Appetite Statement, and financial operating plans for Board approval.
Through the Credit, Enterprise Risk and Audit Committees, management monitors, and
the Board oversees, financial performance, execution of the strategic and financial
operating plans, compliance with the Risk Appetite Statement and the adequacy of
internal controls.

The Board reviews and approves the Risk Framework and the Risk Appetite Statement
for the Corporation. The Risk Framework defines the accountability of the Corporation
and its employees and the Risk Appetite Statement defines the parameters under which
the Company will take risk. Both documents are intended to enable the Company to
maximize long-term results and ensure the integrity of its assets and the quality of its
earnings. The Risk Framework is designed to be used by employees to understand risk
management activities, including their individual roles and accountabilities. It also
defines how risk management is integrated into the Company’s business processes,
and it defines the risk management governance structure, including management’s
involvement. The risk management responsibilities of the businesses, governance and
control functions, and Corporate Audit are also clearly defined. The risk management
process includes four critical elements: identify and measure risk, mitigate and control
risk, monitor and test risk, and report and review risk, and is applied across all business
activities to enable an integrated and comprehensive review of risk consistent with the
Risk Appetite Statement.

Bank of America has incorporated Resolution Planning into the Risk Framework. A
comprehensive process was designed and deployed to ensure the proper governance
and internal controls were incorporated in developing the initial Resolution Plan. In
2011, a Resolution Planning team was established to prepare and submit the
Resolution Plan. The Resolution Planning team reports to the Chief Risk Officer. All
processes related to development and management of the Corporation’s Resolution
Plan were coordinated through this centralized team.
                                                                                    Page 36
                 Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan



The Boards of Directors of Bank of America, BANA, and FIA, respectively, approved the
respective Resolution Plans. The Enterprise Risk Committee of the Bank of America
Board is the subcommittee directly responsible for Resolution Planning. The Enterprise
Risk Committee, among other things, oversees the identification of, management of and
planning for, material risks on an enterprise-wide basis, including strategic, credit,
market, liquidity, operational, interest rate risk, compliance and reputational risk. The
Enterprise Risk Committee also oversees capital management and liquidity planning.
Reviews of the Plan were also performed by the Asset Liability and Market Risk
Committee (―ALMRC‖), which is an executive management level sub-committee of the
Enterprise Risk Committee, and by the Chief Financial Officer Risk Committee, which is
a sub-committee of ALMRC.




                                                                                  Page 37
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan




X. Description of Material Management Information Systems
Management Information Systems (―MIS‖) at Bank of America generally take the form of
platform technologies and user interfaces that enable business users to perform
analytics and generate standard and ad hoc reporting. MIS capabilities are enabled
through data repositories and platforms used to aggregate and catalog data core to
Bank of America’s operations and management. Bank of America’s key MIS generate
numerous reports that are used during the normal course of business to monitor the
financial health, risks and operations of Bank of America, its material entities, core
business lines and critical operations.

To address financial health, accounting MIS applications are used to produce both
management and legal entity reporting. Other financial MIS applications report on
funding, liquidity, capital and Bank of America’s balance sheet. Additionally, risk
management MIS applications capture and report credit, market, and operational risk
exposures for Bank of America.

Bank of America has a number of policies in place to ensure infrastructure and
computing systems are consistently planned, implemented, secured, supported and
managed. These policies enable the technology organization to meet technology
demands through continued reliability, availability, serviceability and scalability to allow
for capacity planning and Key Performance Indicator management.

Bank of America maintains detailed business continuity (which includes disaster
recovery) documentation for each of its lines of business and supporting technology
platforms. This documentation discusses in detail application-specific recovery time
objectives as well as the plans to continue business operations in events where key
systems are unavailable. Business continuity resources are deployed regionally around
the globe to provide the appropriate level of governance and oversight for business
continuity planning, testing, response management, crisis management and supplier
resiliency.




                                                                                      Page 38
                   Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan




XI. High-level Description of Resolution Strategy
As required pursuant to Title I, Section 165(d), of the Dodd Frank Act and the
implementing regulations (the Federal Reserve’s and FDIC’s Section 165(d) Rule and
the FDIC’s CIDI Rule), Bank of America has developed strategies for a hypothetical
resolution of its Material Entities. The Plan contemplates a resolution strategy in which
Bank of America’s U.S. bank material entities (―MEs‖), under a hypothetical failure
scenario, would be resolved by placing them into FDIC receiverships. Certain assets
and liabilities would be transferred to a bridge bank that would, subject to certain
assumptions, emerge from resolution as a viable going concern. Bank of America’s
other MEs would be wound down in an orderly manner, subject to certain
assumptions. In addition, the Plan includes strategies designed to ensure continuity of
certain core business lines and critical operations following the hypothetical failure of
certain Bank of America entities. The strategies incorporate the importance of
continued access to critical services including, but not limited to, technology,
employees, facilities, intellectual property and supplier relationships.

In addition to these strategies for the hypothetical resolution scenario, the Plan outlines
the asset and business sales that could occur during the resolution process. Depending
on the size and complexity of the businesses or assets sold, the potential purchasers
could include a broad range of buyers including, but not limited to, national, international
and regional financial institutions; private equity and hedge funds; and other financial
asset buyers such as insurance companies. The following is a description of select
resolution regimes currently in existence.

FDIC Receiverships Under Sections 11 and 13 of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Act

FDIC insured depository institutions, such as BANA and FIA, would be resolved under
the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (―FDIA‖). The resolution of a U.S. insured depository
institution is initiated by its state or federal chartering authority and by the FDIC if they
find that one or more of the statutory grounds for appointing the FDIC as receiver or
conservator exist. For a national bank, the grounds for appointing the FDIC as receiver
or conservator of an insured institution are listed in Section 11(c)(5) of the FDIA and
include the following: (1) the institution is insolvent; critically undercapitalized; operating
in an unsafe or unsound condition; or likely to be unable to pay its obligations in the
normal course of business; (2) the institution is engaging in an unsafe or unsound
practice likely to result in a substantial dissipation of its assets or earnings; or (3) the
board of directors or shareholders of the institution consent to such appointment.

If the FDIC is to be appointed as receiver of the insured institution, the institution’s state
or federal chartering authority would issue an order closing the institution (i.e., revoking
its charter or license to operate as a depository institution) and appoint the FDIC as the
institution’s receiver. If the FDIC is to be appointed as conservator of the insured
institution, the institution is not closed, but instead the FDIC would be simply appointed
as the institution’s conservator.


                                                                                        Page 39
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


If the FDIC is appointed as an insured institution’s receiver or conservator, it succeeds,
by operation of law, to all of the rights, titles, powers, and privileges of the insured
institution and its stockholders, members, directors, officers, account holders, and
depositors, subject to the provisions of the FDIA.

Bankruptcy Under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code

The resolution of material non-bank, non-broker-dealer domestic entities, such as Bank
of America Corporation and MLCO, would be through bankruptcy procedures. A
bankruptcy proceeding begins with the filing of a voluntary or involuntary Chapter 11
bankruptcy petition with the clerk of an appropriate bankruptcy court with an ultimate
goal to liquidate or reorganize the enterprise.

Under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and upon the filing of a petition for
Chapter 11 relief, a company as the debtor, generally becomes the debtor-in-
possession (the ―DIP‖). The DIP is automatically authorized to operate its business ―in
the ordinary course‖ without the necessity of obtaining bankruptcy court approval.
Subject to court approval, the DIP would promptly retain and employ attorneys,
accountants, investment bankers, and other professionals to advise the debtors in the
bankruptcy process. The DIP has an exclusive right to file a plan of reorganization that
may be extended up to 18 months after commencement of the Chapter 11 Proceedings,
after which a plan may be filed by other parties in interest.

The plan of reorganization, which may provide for the reorganization or liquidation of the
debtor, must be approved by a requisite majority of each impaired class of creditors or
must satisfy the requirements of the ―fair and equitable‖ test with respect to any class
that rejects the plan. It must also be found by the bankruptcy court to be ―feasible‖ and
to provide all impaired creditors with at least what such creditors would have received in
a Chapter 7 liquidation of the debtor.

Liquidation Pursuant to the Securities Investor Protection Act

The liquidation of material domestic broker-dealer entities, such as MLPFS, would be
conducted pursuant to the Securities Investor Protection Act (―SIPA‖). The
commencement of SIPA proceedings for a broker-dealer would be initiated by the
Securities Investor Protection Corporation (―SIPC‖) through an application to the district
court for a protective decree based on a determination by the SIPC that the broker-
dealer was in danger of failing to meet its obligations to customers and was either
insolvent, was not in compliance with certain regulatory requirements or was unable to
perform the calculations necessary to meet such requirements, or that certain other
conditions exist.

Upon issuance of a protective decree, the district court would appoint a SIPC trustee
selected by the SIPC to manage and oversee the liquidation of the broker-dealer. SIPA
proceedings would then be removed to the bankruptcy court and administered under
the provisions of the SIPA, as supplemented by the Bankruptcy Code to the extent not
inconsistent with the SIPA.



                                                                                    Page 40
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Upon appointment, the SIPC trustee would take control of all property, premises, bank
accounts, records, systems and other assets of the broker-dealer. From that point
forward, the liquidation of the business would be under the control of the SIPC trustee,
and the broker-dealer’s existing management would be displaced. The SIPC trustee’s
primary duties would be to marshal assets, recover and return customer property and
liquidate the broker-dealer.

U.K. Special Administration Regime

In the United Kingdom, there is a special administration regime available to investment
banks, such as MLI. The main features are that an investment bank enters the
procedure by court order and the order appoints an administrator. The administrator is
to pursue the special administration objectives which are (i) to ensure the return of client
assets as soon as is reasonably practicable; (ii) to ensure timely engagement with
market infrastructure bodies and the FSA, Her Majesty’s Treasury and the Bank of
England; and (iii) either to rescue the investment bank as a going concern or to wind it
up in the best interests of the creditors.

Once a special administration order has been made, there is an automatic moratorium
on a winding up of the company and no enforcement of security or other legal process
may be taken against the company without the consent of the administrator or
permission of the court. Enforcement of security under financial collateral arrangements
covered by the Financial Collateral Regulations is, however, unaffected by the
moratorium. An interim moratorium with similar effect would apply from the date of
making the application, save that the permission of the court is not required for the
presentation of a winding up petition on certain grounds or the appointment of an
administrator or administrative receiver.

The administrator is an officer of the court and has the general power to do anything
necessary or expedient for the pursuit of the special administration objectives. This
includes the power to set a bar date for the submission of claims in relation to client
assets if the administrator thinks it necessary in order to expedite the return of client
assets. The administrator also has certain powers usually available to liquidators
appointed under the Insolvency Act of 1986, including the power to disclaim onerous
property and rescind contracts. The administrator also has the power to make
distributions to creditors.

Irish Special Resolution Regime

In Ireland, there is a Special Resolution Regime that would be applicable to credit
institutions, such as MLIB. The Central Bank and Credit Institutions Act of 2011
(―Resolution Act‖) contains a set of stabilization tools for the Central Bank of Ireland
(―CBI‖). Part V of the Resolution Act allows the CBI to transfer some or all of the of the
assets and/or liabilities to (a) a commercial purchaser or (b) a bridge bank established
pursuant to the Resolution Act (which would be owned by the CBI or its nominee). The
transfer of some or all of the assets and liabilities of a failing bank to a private sector
purchaser or a bridge bank is done by the CBI either under a special management order
or a transfer order. The transfer order is proposed by the CBI, after consultation with the


                                                                                     Page 41
                  Bank of America Corporation Resolution Plan


Minister of Finance. The CBI must then apply to the High Court for a court order to
effectuate the transfer or special management of the credit institution.

If the CBI has declared the intention of preserving or restoring the financial position of a
credit institution, the court would declare the transfer order a reorganization measure so
as to be recognized on a European Union-wide basis in accordance with the provisions
of the Winding Up Regulations. A special manager would take over the management of
the business with a view to (a) preserve or restore the financial position of the credit
institution, (b) wind down the business or (c) otherwise manage the business in accord
with the terms of a special management order. The special manager would have all the
power to acquire or dispose of any or all assets and liabilities of the credit institution.




                                                                                     Page 42
